Howling_Cliffs:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Greenpath Music Ambience Ambience 1 -...
	location: Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace Enjoying the bracing air?...
	behavior_tactics: The ones who chose to leave the kingdom lost their...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Connection to King's Pass and intro cutscene location...
Mossfly:
	info: Mossfly Hunter's Journal Corpse Health Drops 15 2 / 3...
	behavior_tactics: Winged weakling that covers itself in leaves to appear larger....
	location: Location Found mainly in the Queen's Gardens , they can...
	journal_entry: Mossfly Hunter's Journal entry: "Winged weakling that covers itself in...
Dreamshield:
	info: Dreamshield Defensive charm once wielded by a tribe that could...
	behavior_tactics: Conjures a shield that follows the bearer and attempts to...
	location: Effect Conjures a shield that slowly rotates around the Knight's...
	weapon_damage: Attacking with the Nail causes the shield to bash outward....
	trivia: Trivia Dreamshield's pedestal The pedestal where the Charm is found...
Oro_%26_Mato:
	info: Nailmasters Oro & Mato Hunter's Journal Idle Theme (Phase One)...
	location: "Gods by toil and nail bound, Brothers sworn to guard...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Phase 1 Nailmaster Oro uses the following...
	weapon_damage: The first slash is a backhand swipe, and the second...
	spell_upgrade: This allows safe healing during any attack except a Dash...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Despite the bad blood of Oro and Mato's...
Isma%27s_Grove:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Kingdom's Edge Fungal Wastes...
	info: White Palace Aren't these waterways thrilling? A labyrinth of pipes...
	behavior_tactics: All trash carried by the water eventually ends up in...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Fluke Hermit The Godseeker...
	journal_entry: Durandoo Hunter's Journal entry: "Where does this water come from?...
Mushroom_Clan:
	info: Strength in the shared self. Strength in the mind united....
	location: Lore Tablet in the Fungal Wastes The lands of Hallownest...
	behavior_tactics: These territorial creatures possess a hive mind and developed their...
	journal_entry: Shrumeling Hunter's Journal entry: "Young fungal creature. ...
Pilflip:
	info: Pilflip Hunter's Journal Flipped Health Drops 30 5 / 6...
	behavior_tactics: Odd creature that adapts to changing situations by flipping over...
	location: Adaptability is an important survival skill. Location They are only...
	trivia: Locations in the Royal Waterways Gallery Patrolling Attacking Trivia Its...
The_Five_Great_Knights:
	info: What a towering figure he was, though surprisingly soft spoken...
	location: Information on the individual Great Knights is sparse, with Relic...
	behavior_tactics: She dissipates after the Knight delivers the Delicate Flower to...
	journal_entry: Ogrim mentions that he misses Hegemol's humour. When he is...
	weapon_damage: While Hegemol was sleeping, his armoured shell was stolen by...
	trivia: Once a knight, now lost to puerile obsession: The Dung...
Endings_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: The following is a list of all endings that can...
	location: After any ending, loading the save file brings the Knight...
	behavior_tactics: 30G Ending 2: Sealed Siblings Requirements Having acquired Void Heart...
	weapon_damage: Shortly after, black tentacles burst out of her body and...
	trivia: 70G Trivia Team Cherry has stated that all endings are...
Achievements:
	info: The Nintendo Switch lacks a universal achievement system. Achievements (PC/Xbox...
	spell_upgrade: On that platform, Hollow Knight includes the achievements as in-game...
	location: Please refer to the Mask Shard page for a list...
	behavior_tactics: 5G Respect Defeat the Mantis Lords. 10G {S} Obsession Defeat...
	weapon_damage: 20G Teacher Destroy Monomon the Teacher. 5G Watcher Destroy Lurien...
OST_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong The original soundtrack for Hollow Knight was...
	behavior_tactics: The tracks in the albums are often composed of several...
	location: Descend into Hallownest, traverse the depths, unravel its mysteries and...
	trivia: Pure Vessel Single track Pure Vessel Not Featured on the...
	weapon_damage: This early art was not used for the final release....
Delicate_Flower_(Quest):
	info: Delicate Flower Quest Description Deliver safely the Delicate Flower to...
	location: Requires - Given by Grey Mourner Starts at Resting Grounds...
	behavior_tactics: If the Flower is accepted after that, then there are...
	weapon_damage: Great Slash This Nail Art deals 2. 5x Nail damage...
	spell_upgrade: Shaman Stone Increases the damage of Spells , allowing the...
	trivia: 5G Trivia Blocking a hit with the Baldur Shell Charm...
Nightmare_King_Grimm:
	journal_entry: Nightmare King Hunter's Journal Without Essence Staggered Theme Nightmare King...
	info: Troupe Master Grimm Nightmare King Grimm The Grimm Troupe Content...
	location: While he can be fought in the Pantheon of Hallownest...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics To start the fight with Nightmare King...
	weapon_damage: Nightmare King Grimm bursts into six fireballs instead of five....
	trivia: 10G Trivia Other than the Radiance and Absolute Radiance ,...
Bell_Beast:
	info: Bell Beast Location The Marrow  Gender Female. The Bell...
	location: She is initially found in the Marrow , where she...
	behavior_tactics: Once the Bell Beast is freed, she attacks Hornet. At...
Lightseed:
	info: Lightseed Health Drops 1 None Hunter's notes requirement 20 kills....
	weapon_damage: I don't know what to make of it. Hitting them...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Completely harmless, do not even deal contact...
	location: Location Lightseeds are found in the area in the Ancient...
Knight:
	info: The Knight Idle Front Resting Shade Weapon Nail Equipment Charms...
	weapon_damage: An enigmatic wanderer who descends into Hallownest carrying only a...
	location: After climbing out of their birthplace in the Abyss, the...
	behavior_tactics: The entrance to the Abyss was sealed, causing the Knight...
	spell_upgrade: Throughout the game, the Knight gains access to new powers...
Blue_Child_Joni:
	info: Blue Child Joni Spirit Corpse Gender Female  Backer Joni...
	location: Her corpse was placed on a plinth in Joni's Repose....
	trivia: Location of Joni Gallery Joni's spirit Joni's corpse Trivia Original...
Team_Cherry:
	location: Team Cherry is an indie games developer in Adelaide, South...
	behavior_tactics: Their mission is to build crazy, exciting worlds for players...
	info: Hollow Knight is the first release by Team Cherry. Their...
	weapon_damage: Ari is responsible for game design alongside William. ...
	spell_upgrade: William designs the games along with Ari. ...
	journal_entry: Blog post of February 14th, 2019. Blog post of July...
Path_of_Pain:
	location: Marked Unmarked Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Connection Ancient Basin Music...
	weapon_damage: Must've been an impressive sight in its time. Now there's...
	behavior_tactics: It's a strange thing though. After entering the palace, another...
	info: Description The White Palace mainly consists of white and light...
	spell_upgrade: Adding Grubberfly's Elegy gives the Knight an unlimited supply of...
	journal_entry: Royal Retainer Hunter's Journal entry: "The most loyal and devout...
Isma%27s_Tear:
	info: Inventory Prompt Isma's Tear Fruit formed from a single hardened...
	location: Once ingested it provides protection from the searing, acidic pools...
	weapon_damage: Consumed Isma's Tear Acid shall be repelled. I'm barely worthy...
	behavior_tactics: Swim in acidic waters without coming to any harm. It...
Abyss_Shriek:
	info: Inventory Prompt Abyss Shriek Blast foes with screaming SOUL and...
	behavior_tactics: Consumed the Abyss Shriek Tap FOCUS/CAST while holding UP to...
	weapon_damage: Replenish SOUL by striking enemies. Using it releases a blast...
	location: Input UP + CAST Location The Abyss. Location in the...
	spell_upgrade: Function Press FOCUS/CAST or QUICK CAST while holding UP to...
Hiveling:
	info: Hiveling Health Drops 18 None Hunter's notes requirement 30 kills....
	location: Smallest of the Hive's inhabitants. Location They are very commonly...
	behavior_tactics: Carries out simple tasks. They are little bee warriors who...
	journal_entry: Hiveling Hunter's Journal entry: "Carries out simple tasks. ...
Warrior_Dreams:
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong For the Godmaster versions of Bosses and...
	location: Some bosses also make a second appearance in the Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Dream Nailing a Warrior Dream automatically starts the fight, and...
	weapon_damage: The Dream Nail has no effect when used during the...
Whispering_Root:
	info: Whispering Roots are roots filled with Essence found throughout Hallownest....
	behavior_tactics: When the Knight hits a Whispering Root with the Dream...
	location: After collecting all Essence in the area, the root grows...
Emilitia:
	info: Eternal Emilitia Gender Female  Backer Gavin Douglas. I'm renowned...
	location: Her room provides access to a shortcut between the City...
	journal_entry: It's been so long. Ahhh, I'm just so happy. ...
	behavior_tactics: I just hope my manners haven't left me. Could it...
Great_Slash:
	weapon_damage: Inventory Prompt Great Slash The signature Nail Art of Nailmaster...
	info: Cyclone Slash Dash Slash Great Slash Great Slash is the...
Vessel_Fragment:
	info: Fragment Completed Vessel Fragment Fragment of a white vessel made...
	spell_upgrade: 3 Vessel Fragments complete a Soul Vessel and increases the...
	location: All other sources of SOUL do not fill Soul Vessels...
	trivia: 15G Trivia While the fountain in the Ancient Basin will...
Crystalised_Mound:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Forgotten Crossroads Resting Grounds Music Ambience...
	info: White Palace There is some strange power hidden in the...
	weapon_damage: They gleam and glow in the darkness, a bright point...
	behavior_tactics: They sing too, if you listen. The glyphs are written...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Baldur Crystal...
	journal_entry: Glimback Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest used to...
Boss:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Volatile_Zoteling:
	info: Volatile Zoteling Hunter's Journal Without Essence Health Drops 30 None...
	weapon_damage: Deals poorly with the pressure of existing and quickly explodes....
	behavior_tactics: So she devised a plan to make sure that she...
	location: Dream Nail Dialogue She's so beautiful! She's so talented! She'll...
	journal_entry: To complete the entry for the Hunter's Journal , only...
Spells_and_Abilities_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Spells Spells are skills the Knight can activate by either...
	location: All spells use 33 SOUL. Once ingested it provides protection...
	behavior_tactics: Vengeful Spirit Conjure a spirit that will fly forward and...
	weapon_damage: This force can destroy foes or break through fragile structures....
	spell_upgrade: Abilities Abilities are skills the Knight can find throughout the...
	trivia: Cyclone Slash Dash Slash Great Slash Trivia Collecting Vengeful Spirit,...
Controls_(Hollow_Knight):
	behavior_tactics: Hollow Knight contains remappable controls for both the Keyboard and...
	info: On the wiki, due to the multiple possible inputs and...
Godseeker:
	location: Godseeker Godhome Junk Pit Cocoon Gender Female. But! Not in...
	info: This kingdom is blessed with true Gods. True! All around,...
	behavior_tactics: With each fight, they aim to ascend to and commune...
	weapon_damage: Thine battles proves strength enough to impress. So strong! Thine...
	spell_upgrade: Desire beyond desire! Take it then, for We have ascended...
	journal_entry: For what purpose, We can only wonder. 2 Weathered Mask...
	trivia: 50G Trivia Team Cherry have stated that they cannot say...
Hollow_Knight_Wiki:
	location: Hollow Knight Forge your own path in Hollow Knight! An...
	behavior_tactics: Explore twisting caverns, battle tainted creatures and befriend bizarre bugs,...
	info: Silksong Discover a vast, haunted kingdom in Hollow Knight: Silksong!...
	trivia: Read more > Categories Hollow Knight Game Info Achievements Cut...
Longnail:
	weapon_damage: Longnail Increases the range of the bearer's nail, allowing them...
	info: Effect Increases Nail range by 15%  Notch Cost. Longnail...
	behavior_tactics: longer? Ho! Ho ho ho! Go on, take this charm...
	location: Location of Salubra in the Forgotten Crossroads Charm Combo Tips...
	trivia: Trivia Longnail increases the range of the Nail by expanding...
Crystallised_Mound:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Forgotten Crossroads Resting Grounds Music Ambience...
	info: White Palace There is some strange power hidden in the...
	weapon_damage: They gleam and glow in the darkness, a bright point...
	behavior_tactics: They sing too, if you listen. The glyphs are written...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Baldur Crystal...
	journal_entry: Glimback Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest used to...
Points_of_Interest_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong Points of Interest (POIs) describe items and...
	behavior_tactics: Green Dots represent NPCs that reward the player with a...
	location: Hot Springs Pools of water that slowly restore SOUL when...
	spell_upgrade: Can be given to Confessor Jiji to summon the Knight's...
Bardoon:
	location: For quiet retreat did I climb up here, away from...
	info: Bardoon Bardoon is an NPC in Hollow Knight. He provides...
	behavior_tactics: He does not mind it when his tail is struck....
	weapon_damage: No foresight like those old things. To instinct alone a...
	spell_upgrade: It evolves beyond that Wyrm. A strength before unseen. ...
	trivia: Bardoon's head and tail locations in Kingdom's Edge Gallery Bardoon's...
Dream_Boss:
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong For the Godmaster versions of Bosses and...
	location: Some bosses also make a second appearance in the Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Dream Nailing a Warrior Dream automatically starts the fight, and...
	weapon_damage: The Dream Nail has no effect when used during the...
Quests:
	info: Quests (or tasks) are a system in Hollow Knight: Silksong...
	location: Wayfarer : Presumably related to locating or exploring a specific...
Hall_of_Gods:
	location: Godmaster Content Boss list tablet found at the hall's entrance...
	info: Defeating a boss on any mode puts a symbol on...
	weapon_damage: Each can be fought infinitely at any difficulty. It does...
	behavior_tactics: Dying in a fight in the Hall of Gods returns...
	journal_entry: Not bug, nor beast, nor god Reward Unlocked after beating...
Godseekers:
	info: For more information on the NPC found in the Junk...
	location: Godseeker The lands of Hallownest are filled by several groups...
	spell_upgrade: They can focus their mind to attune with other living...
	behavior_tactics: With each fight, they aim to ascend to and commune...
	journal_entry: 1 Weathered Mask Hunter's Journal entry: "Strange mask from a...
	weapon_damage: Embrace the Void ending. ...
Hopping_Zoteling:
	info: Hopping Zoteling Hunter's Journal Without Essence Health Drops 20 (...
	behavior_tactics: Jumps about in a nonthreatening manner. "That lowly map-maker's wife?...
	journal_entry: They are the products of Bretta's imagination. The boss must...
	location: Dream Nail Dialogue She's so beautiful! She's so talented! She'll...
Lore_Tablets_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong This page lists all Lore Tablets found...
	location: Table of Contents Ancient Basin. White Palace Ancient Basin Higher...
	spell_upgrade: Our pure Vessel has ascended. Through their grace we are...
	behavior_tactics: Though my gaze shall no longer fall upon this city,...
	journal_entry: Thoughts trapped in solitude. ...
	weapon_damage: May you find swift end upon our claws. But yours...
Glade_of_Hope:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: Not any more though. She maintains the graves and guides...
	behavior_tactics: Once Dream Nailing at least one spirit, Revek spawns and...
	spell_upgrade: After which, the Dreamers appear out of Essence and cast...
	trivia: Gallery Dreamer statues Room where Dreamshield can be found East...
Distant_Villagers:
	location: Distant Villagers Tall Stout. Distant Villagers The Distant Villagers are...
	info: These NPCs do not have an official name and go...
	journal_entry: You are very tired. ...
Deep_Docks:
	location: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. Deep Docks is...
	info: True to its name it provides platforms and docks for...
	behavior_tactics: After which a lever rises up from the ground, hitting...
Sharpe:
	location: Steel Assassin Sharpe Location TBA Gender Male  Backer Jaspal...
	info: Steel Assassin Sharpe is an upcoming boss in Hollow Knight:...
	behavior_tactics: s assassin uses its proboscis as both a blade and...
	trivia: ll leave you to guess at their full nature. ...
Oblobble:
	info: Oblobble Theme (Phase One) Colosseum Intensity 4 (Phase Two) Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Pairs with a mate for life and will never leave...
	location: They sit at the top of the Trial of the...
	weapon_damage: Each set of four shots are evenly spaced 90 degrees...
	spell_upgrade: Spells are very useful for distributing damage. ...
Rancid_Egg:
	info: Rancid Egg Fatty, rancid egg of an unknown creature. Effects...
	location: Emits a powerful stench of decay. Generally not considered edible....
	trivia: 2 found in City of Tears 3 found in Crystal...
Cloth:
	info: Cloth Idle Spirit Asleep Gender Female  Backer Noah Sturtridge...
	behavior_tactics: You act so confident in battle. You show no fear...
	location: She is on a quest of her own throughout Hallownest...
	weapon_damage: Cloth fights by brandishing a club cut from the tooth...
	trivia: What warrior am I?. ...
	journal_entry: If we both make it through, we can swap stories...
	spell_upgrade: Exhausted dialogue I'll be off soon. ...
Spider_Tribe:
	location: Supposedly, there's a village deep in the warren. Its inhabitants...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. Godseekers The beasts of Deepnest are...
	behavior_tactics: She outlived her consort but her followers, Little Weavers ,...
Ooma:
	info: Ooma Hunter's Journal Core Health Drops 1 5 / 6...
	behavior_tactics: Passive outer being protecting an aggressive, explosive core. Ghastly, eerie...
	weapon_damage: They have a pulsing orange core which can propel itself...
	location: Ooma explosions only deal 100 damage to Uumuu when fought...
Grub_Father:
	info: Grubfather Gender Male  Voice Actor Tyler Bartley. Grubfather Grubfather...
	location: Lore Grubfather is the ageing patriarch of a colony of...
	behavior_tactics: When returning after freeing Grubs, Grubfather grants rewards such as...
	trivia: 15G Trivia After all Grubs have been freed and Grubfather...
	weapon_damage: This deals no damage and only makes Grubfather laugh. Down-striking...
Geo_Chest:
	info: Geo The currency of Hallownest, made from fossilised shells of...
	spell_upgrade: Tolls 1560 for all Stag Stations 800 for all Bench...
	location: Fragile Greed (as well as its unbreakable variant ) increases...
	trivia: Giant Geo deposit at the very bottom of a cave...
Cast-Off_Shell:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Ancient Basin The Hive...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: He sells the Dash Slash Nail Art. ...
Grubhome:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Dirtmouth Fog...
	info: How to access The well in Dirtmouth The Forgotten Crossroads...
	spell_upgrade: He grants the Vengeful Spirit Spell. ...
	behavior_tactics: After killing all three Dreamers, this seal is broken and...
	trivia: Gallery Entrance from Dirtmouth's well Top of the western platform...
Ismas_Tear:
	info: Inventory Prompt Isma's Tear Fruit formed from a single hardened...
	location: Once ingested it provides protection from the searing, acidic pools...
	weapon_damage: Consumed Isma's Tear Acid shall be repelled. I'm barely worthy...
	behavior_tactics: Swim in acidic waters without coming to any harm. It...
Desolate_Dive:
	behavior_tactics: Inventory Prompt Desolate Dive Strike the ground with a concentrated...
	weapon_damage: This force can destroy foes or break through fragile structures....
	info: The force requires SOUL to be conjured. Strike enemies to...
	location: Input DOWN + CAST Location Soul Sanctum. Desolate Dive also...
	spell_upgrade: Spell Twister lowers the SOUL cost to cast Desolate Dive...
	trivia: Location Trivia Desolate Dive was revealed in a Kickstarter update...
Glimback:
	info: Glimback Health Drops 35 6 / 8 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: The crystals that grow on its back provide extra protection...
	location: Large and well-protected, but slow and docile. It is often...
	journal_entry: Glimback Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest used to...
Grimm_Troupe_(Lore):
	info: For the content pack released on 26 October, 2017, see...
	location: 'The Grimm Troupe' The lands of Hallownest are filled by...
	behavior_tactics: Grimm also indulges them in a fiery fight for an...
	journal_entry: Troupe Master Grimm Hunter's Journal entry: "Through dream I travel,...
Watcher_Knights:
	info: Watcher Knight Hunter's Journal Idle Before Reanimation Theme False Knight...
	behavior_tactics: Discarded shell of a Watcher Knight, re-animated by a swarm...
	weapon_damage: When these silent warriors fall in battle, their bodies split...
	location: Its support can be severed from a hidden space behind...
	journal_entry: 1 Watcher Knight Hunter's Journal entry: "Discarded shell of a...
Charm_Synergies:
	spell_upgrade: A Charm synergy is when two Charms work together to...
	location: This page does not list combined effects of two charms...
	info: Synergies Increases the damage dealt by the shadow to 1....
	weapon_damage: Fires red projectiles at one Mask, dealing ~67. 5% Nail...
	behavior_tactics: Replaces the horde of flukes with one massive, volatile fluke...
White_Defender:
	info: White Defender Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Theme White Defender...
	behavior_tactics: Reacts gallantly to defeat by becoming stronger. Behaviour and Tactics...
	journal_entry: I will carry those glories with me always. I miss...
	location: until we meet again. He dives in once and re-emerges...
	weapon_damage: Three spikes form in rapid succession on each side of...
	spell_upgrade: Spells can be useful against White Defender. ...
	trivia: 10G Trivia In the background of the arena, the white...
Enraged_Guardian:
	info: Enraged Guardian Hunter's Journal Idle Theme Crystal Peak (Action) Gods...
	location: Crystal Guardian Enraged Guardian Heavyset miner of the Crystal Peak...
	weapon_damage: Can discharge blazing beams of light from its crystalllised sic...
	spell_upgrade: It is faster and tougher than its original form and...
	journal_entry: Both forms have to be beaten to unlock its Journal...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics The Enraged Guardian has the same three...
Hive_Guardian:
	info: Hive Guardian Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 100 25 /...
	behavior_tactics: Protects the Hive by hurling its huge body at intruders....
	location: Location They are found in small groups within the Hive,...
	journal_entry: Hive Guardian Hunter's Journal entry: "Like their smaller kin, their...
Pantheon_of_Hallownest:
	info: Pantheon of Hallownest Description Defeat the 42 Bosses of the...
	location: Access to this Pantheon is unlocked after completing the Pantheon...
	spell_upgrade: Enemies in this Pantheon are harder versions compared to the...
	weapon_damage: Quick Slash for dealing more damage faster. Dash Slash and...
	behavior_tactics: False Knight / Failed Champion : Stay inside a stagger...
	trivia: 50G Trivia Because access to this Pantheon is locked solely...
Shaman_Stone:
	info: Shaman Stone Said to contain the knowledge of past generations...
	spell_upgrade: Increases the power of spells, dealing more damage to foes....
	location: I've heard it will make a spell much stronger! Location...
	weapon_damage: Fluke projectiles are also, on average, 31. 1 The width...
Completion_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: This page details the requirements for reaching 112% completion in...
	spell_upgrade: Colosseum of Fools Name Percentage (total: 3%) Trial of the...
Moss_Prophet:
	info: Moss Prophet Alive Dead Gender Unknown Voice Actor Ari Gibson....
	spell_upgrade: Embrace light! Achieve union!. ...
	location: In-game events Moss Prophet is found preaching about the Radiance...
	behavior_tactics: When the Knight engages the Mossy Vagabonds that sit around...
	weapon_damage: Your rays touch us. ...
Hiveblood:
	info: Hiveblood Golden nugget of the Hive's precious hardened nectar. Heals...
	behavior_tactics: Effect Passively heals the last unit of health lost after...
	location: Its ability to render the Hive's residents passive makes it...
	weapon_damage: Requires defeating the Hive Knight. ...
	trivia: Trivia Despite the Hive enemies turning friendly while wearing Hiveblood,...
Soul_Tyrant:
	info: Soul Tyrant Theme (Phase One) Mage Boss (Phase Two) Mage...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Phase 1 Soul Tyrant uses all the...
	location: Despite his Clock attack being modified, the time right when...
	weapon_damage: Does not smash through the ground mid-fight. by standing against...
	trivia: 10G Trivia During Phase 2 of the fight, there is...
Godseeker_Mode:
	behavior_tactics: Godmaster Content Challenge the Gods of Hallownest. The cutscene that...
	location: Take your place at their peak. Even though it is...
	info: Godseeker Mode is a game mode in Hollow Knight that...
	spell_upgrade: The purpose of the game mode is having access to...
	trivia: Trivia Team Cherry added Godseeker Mode so that players who...
Shrumeling:
	info: Shrumeling Hunter's Journal Mushroom form Health Drops 5 None Hunter's...
	location: Spends most of its time in the ground but can...
	journal_entry: Shrumeling Hunter's Journal entry: "Young fungal creature. ...
Higher_Beings:
	spell_upgrade: "O Gods of Hallownest, show Us your might! We shall...
	info: The Godseeker Higher beings are god-like creatures  in the...
	behavior_tactics: He is able to expand the minds of bugs, giving...
	location: The Pale King was the monarch of Hallownest but disappeared...
	weapon_damage: No foresight like those old things. Yet erased so completely....
	journal_entry: Nightmare King Grimm Hunter's Journal entry: "The expanse of dream...
Sharpened_Nail:
	info: For the strong attacks taught by the Nailmasters , see...
	location: The Nailsmith in the City of Tears can upgrade the...
	weapon_damage: Its blade is blunt with age and wear. Default weapon...
	behavior_tactics: 4000 + 3 Pale Ore 21 Nail-bouncing By jumping and...
	trivia: Trivia Upgrading the Nail does not change its appearance in...
Husk_Hive:
	info: Husk Hive Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 60 16 /...
	behavior_tactics: Did the hivelings build their nest around this sorry bug,...
	location: A well-timed Cyclone Slash Nail Art near the Husk Hive...
Magnus_Strong:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Steady_Body:
	weapon_damage: Steady Body Keeps its bearer from recoiling backwards when they...
	behavior_tactics: Allows one to stay steady and keep attacking. Heavy Blow...
	info: Effect Removes all knockback/recoil from hitting enemies Notch Cost. Steady...
	location: Location of Salubra in the Forgotten Crossroads Charm Combo Tips...
	spell_upgrade: Longnail Useful augment to Longnail as it allows the Knight...
Queen%27s_Station:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Deepnest Fog Canyon Forgotten...
	info: ) Main Main - (Main) Bass - (Bass Pizzicato) Main...
	behavior_tactics: The Mantises agreed to a truce where they would retain...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Ambloom Fungling...
	journal_entry: Mantis Lords Hunter's Journal entry: "The Mantis tribe and the...
	weapon_damage: They retain their intellect and their honour, though also their...
Shrine_of_Believers:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: Not any more though. She maintains the graves and guides...
	behavior_tactics: Once Dream Nailing at least one spirit, Revek spawns and...
	spell_upgrade: After which, the Dreamers appear out of Essence and cast...
	trivia: Gallery Dreamer statues Room where Dreamshield can be found East...
Monomon:
	info: Monomon the Teacher Dream Realm Physical body Projection Gender Female....
	behavior_tactics: When the Infection appeared, Monomon took part in the Pale...
	location: Monomon became a Dreamer to seal the entrance to the...
	weapon_damage: Her physical body has disappeared when the Knight wakes up....
	journal_entry: Lurien's journal : "Sleep beckons eternal and these words become...
Husk_Warrior:
	info: Husk Warrior Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 15 6 /...
	behavior_tactics: The remains of a bug, animated by a strange force....
	weapon_damage: Wields a nail and shell. Those who wish to protect...
	location: I'll kill you! Location They can only be found in...
	journal_entry: Husk Warrior Hunter's Journal entry: "The remains of a bug,...
White_Palace:
	location: Marked Unmarked Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Connection Ancient Basin Music...
	weapon_damage: Must've been an impressive sight in its time. Now there's...
	behavior_tactics: It's a strange thing though. After entering the palace, another...
	info: Description The White Palace mainly consists of white and light...
	spell_upgrade: Adding Grubberfly's Elegy gives the Knight an unlimited supply of...
	journal_entry: Royal Retainer Hunter's Journal entry: "The most loyal and devout...
Midwife:
	behavior_tactics: Midwife Idle Attacking Gender Female Voice Actor Cassandra 'Friskk' Reyna....
	info: I'm a friend to all and happy to serve a...
	location: In-game events Midwife can be found in the southwestern part...
	weapon_damage: And oh, I'm STAA-AARVING. I do apologise about before. My...
	spell_upgrade: Old memories cause my mind to wander on such silly...
	trivia: Gallery Midwife's friendly face Midwife's true face Trivia Midwife is...
Aluba:
	info: Aluba Health Drops 1 None Hunter's notes requirement 1 kill....
	location: Passive glider that prefers to dwell near acid waters. If...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Floats back and forth passively, dealing contact...
	journal_entry: Aluba Hunter's Journal entry: "Passive glider that prefers to dwell...
Thorns_of_Agony:
	info: Thorns of Agony Senses the pain of its bearer and...
	behavior_tactics: When taking damage, sprout thorny vines that damage nearby foes....
	location: This charm is not recommended for use in Fog Canyon...
	trivia: Trivia When using the Nail Binding in any Pantheon ,...
Heavy_Fool:
	journal_entry: Heavy Fool Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 90 None Hunter's...
	location: Warrior fighting for glory in the Colosseum of Fools. They...
	weapon_damage: Aggressively charges down foes. Large, bulky, and fighting for its...
	info: Don't underestimate this fighter! It can slither around quickly despite...
	behavior_tactics: It also has a surprisingly beautiful face beneath its mask....
Ellina:
	info: Ellina the Chronicler Gender Female. Ellina is an expanded universe...
	location: Ellina's character beyond her time spent in Hallownest is not...
	journal_entry: ve happened upon my journal. Ellina's story and adventure canonically...
City_of_Tears:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Kingdom's Edge Resting...
	info: There must be a lot of water up there somewhere....
	trivia: Its original name was lost to history. ...
	behavior_tactics: The members of Hallownest's high society were the ones who...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
	weapon_damage: Not a lot was sent back the other way though....
Void:
	info: Void is a substance that is generally found in the...
	weapon_damage: When not unified, the Void attacks anything indiscriminately. Tendrils then...
	behavior_tactics: Once the Void is united under one will, it no...
	location: It also appears to have killed various bugs found throughout...
	journal_entry: 2 Void Idol Hunter's Journal entry: "Inspired or mad, those...
	spell_upgrade: A strength before unseen. ...
Mantis_Warrior:
	info: Mantis Warrior Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 20 12 /...
	behavior_tactics: Member of a proud tribe, fiercely protective of its territory....
	weapon_damage: Launches savage attacks with bladed forelimbs. Once engaged, it attacks...
	spell_upgrade: To best our Lords, what strength. ...
	location: Location They are only found within and in the entrance...
Sheo:
	info: Nailmaster Sheo Gender Male. these things are not so different....
	behavior_tactics: Sheo Paintmaster Sheo The wielding of a nail, the wielding...
	location: He set a hut in a far corner of Greenpath...
	weapon_damage: Facing the Knight's disinterest in his arts, Sheo finally concedes...
	trivia: although I'm not quite sure what that thing is. ...
	spell_upgrade: So now we make art together!". ...
Winged_Nosk:
	info: Winged Nosk Theme Nosk Haunted Foes (Main + Percussion +...
	behavior_tactics: Nosk Winged Nosk Godmaster Content Mimics the shape of other...
	location: It can be encountered in the Pantheon of Hallownest. The...
	weapon_damage: This both damages Winged Nosk and puts the Knight out...
	trivia: Gallery Mimicking Hornet Swoop attack Summoning Screech attack Arena Winged...
Hunter%27s_Mark:
	journal_entry: Hunter's Journal Prompt Hunter's Mark The mark of a true...
	location: I have no offspring, nor subjects, nor worshippers. The following...
	info: The sum of my being, my learning, my instincts. I...
Little_Fool:
	info: Little Fool Gender Male. Little Fool Little Fool is a...
	behavior_tactics: A true fool keeps on fighting, even when there is...
	location: He collects the participation fees from contestants to the Colosseum...
	weapon_damage: He himself dreams of proving his strength in battle to...
	spell_upgrade: Return once you are worthier. I hope your performance is...
Hive_Knight:
	info: Hive Knight Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Hive Knight Gods...
	weapon_damage: Flightless but ferocious in battle. The Knight can hit the...
	location: Some creatures are born with duties and loyalties marked indelibly...
	behavior_tactics: They are strong, but they are also slaves. Upon defeat,...
	journal_entry: Hive Knight Hunter's Journal entry: "Loyal protector of the Hive's...
Fool_Eater:
	info: Fool Eater Hunter's Journal Hidden Health Drops 16 9 /...
	behavior_tactics: Carnivorous plant that snaps at any creature that comes close....
	weapon_damage: The jagged ridges of its mouth can be seen barely...
	location: Location Found within Greenpath and the Queen's Gardens. Within Greenpath...
	trivia: Despite their name, Fool Eaters have nothing to do with...
	journal_entry: Fool Eater Hunter's Journal entry: "Carnivorous plant that snaps at...
Lace:
	location: Lace Theme Lace Location Deep Docks , TBA Gender Female...
	weapon_damage: A lithe fencer wielding a gilded pin, the traditional weapon...
	behavior_tactics: Lace is a dangerous foe, cloaked in mystery, who. Lace...
	info: Official description Lace is a recurring boss in Hollow Knight:...
	trivia: Lace in her first appearance Lace in her second appearance...
Shell_Shards:
	info: Shell Shards Fossilsed fragments of shell and bone. Useful for...
	location: Tools can only be repaired when resting at a Bench...
Damage_Values_and_Enemy_Health_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Although there is no in-game visual representation, enemies in Hollow...
	weapon_damage: A forward slash / or an x represents a division...
	location: 25 x Nail x 3. Glimback 35 Gluttonous Husk 30...
	spell_upgrade: Certain enemies and bosses gain HP after the Knight upgrades...
	behavior_tactics: Corpse Creeper 18 (15 after transformation) Cowardly Husk 20 Crawlid...
Notch:
	spell_upgrade: Charms are gorgeous, mystical, one-of-a-kind accessories with a spark of...
	info: Just wearing one is enough to change your life! You'll...
	location: Charms use Notches when equipped and can only be equipped...
	behavior_tactics: Picking up a Charm Notch fully restores the Knight's health....
	weapon_damage: Increases the amount of SOUL gained when striking an enemy...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. This charm is unbreakable. This charm...
The_Godseekers:
	info: For more information on the NPC found in the Junk...
	location: Godseeker The lands of Hallownest are filled by several groups...
	spell_upgrade: They can focus their mind to attune with other living...
	behavior_tactics: With each fight, they aim to ascend to and commune...
	journal_entry: 1 Weathered Mask Hunter's Journal entry: "Strange mask from a...
	weapon_damage: Embrace the Void ending. ...
Dream_Nail:
	info: Inventory Prompt Dream Nail Allows the wielder to cut through...
	weapon_damage: Taken the Dream Nail Hold DREAM NAIL to charge and...
	behavior_tactics: Cut through the veil between dreams and waking. This can...
	location: Another one of the Dream Nail's abilities is to teleport...
	spell_upgrade: After obtaining certain amounts of Essence, the Knight can return...
	journal_entry: Looking into it I can see so many memories peering...
The_Flukes:
	info: Has populated the Waterways with its kind. Table of Contents...
	journal_entry: Flukemarm Journal entry The lands of Hallownest are filled by...
	location: They occupy various territories around the vast kingdom and developed...
	behavior_tactics: Like other Infected creatures, they display violent behaviour towards intruders...
Failed_Tramway:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Fungal Wastes Queen's Gardens Music...
	behavior_tactics: I'd thought to test my strength against them. His efforts...
	weapon_damage: Now that bravado has left me and all I feel...
	info: Description What most identifies Deepnest is its gloomy surroundings. Thick...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Mask Maker Midwife Mister...
	spell_upgrade: Using a Spell on this being causes a seal to...
Fragile_Greed:
	location: Normal Broken Unbreakable Fragile Greed Causes the bearer to find...
	info: This charm is fragile, and will break if its bearer...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Enemies drop 20-100% more Geo  Breaks upon death...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. ...
	behavior_tactics: It increases the amount of Geo that is dropped by...
	trivia: Trivia All extra Geo dropped by Fragile/ Unbreakable Greed has...
Arcane_Egg:
	info: Arcane Egg Mysterious stone egg from before the birth of...
	location: Please sell it to me! How to Acquire There are...
	journal_entry: Relic Seeker Lemm: "In Hallownest we use stone journals or...
Boon:
	info: Boon is an expanded universe character who appears only within...
	behavior_tactics: Boon is a sizable bug who wears a coat and...
	location: They are first encountered by Quirrel, being attacked by a...
	trivia: Trivia Tuk Boon's appearance resembles that of Tuk , implying...
Mobile_Areas_(Hollow_Knight):
	location: Abyss Ancient Basin City of Tears Colosseum of Fools Crystal...
Squit:
	info: Squit Health Drops 10 5 / 6 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Charges at prey with its needle-like proboscis. When they lunge...
	weapon_damage: A stronger variant called Armoured Squit is bred to fight...
	location: Location They are found in Greenpath and the Overgrown Mound....
	journal_entry: Squit Hunter's Journal entry: "Charges at prey with its needle-like...
Oro_and_Mato:
	info: Nailmasters Oro & Mato Hunter's Journal Idle Theme (Phase One)...
	location: "Gods by toil and nail bound, Brothers sworn to guard...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Phase 1 Nailmaster Oro uses the following...
	weapon_damage: The first slash is a backhand swipe, and the second...
	spell_upgrade: This allows safe healing during any attack except a Dash...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Despite the bad blood of Oro and Mato's...
Maggots:
	info: Maggot Hunter's Journal Unprovoked Health Drops 1 2 / 3...
	location: Generally looked down upon and forced to do menial labour....
	behavior_tactics: If they try to bargain for their life, just ignore...
	weapon_damage: They do not respawn. oh no oh no oh no...
	journal_entry: Maggot Hunter's Journal entry: "Weakest member of the kingdom of...
Troupe_Master_Grimm:
	journal_entry: Grimm Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Sleeping Theme The Grimm Troupe...
	info: Troupe Master Grimm Nightmare King Grimm The Grimm Troupe Content...
	location: In truth, Grimm and his Troupe travel from the Nightmare...
	behavior_tactics: They gather Nightmare Flames from ruined lands to fuel the...
	weapon_damage: This Fire Bat cannot be interrupted. At the apex of...
	spell_upgrade: Let your fire burn even brighter! Beautiful, yes. ...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Grimm always bows to the Knight before the...
Hornet_Protector:
	journal_entry: Hornet Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Hornet Daughter of Hallownest...
	info: For the playable Silksong protagonist, see Hornet (Silksong). Wields a...
	location: Hornet Hornet Protector Hornet Sentinel Skilled protector of Hallownest's ruins....
	weapon_damage: I thought her prey and pounced at her, but with...
	behavior_tactics: She confronts the Knight in Greenpath to impede their quest,...
	trivia: 5G Trivia The names of her boss forms "Hornet Protector"...
Dryya:
	info: What a towering figure he was, though surprisingly soft spoken...
	location: Information on the individual Great Knights is sparse, with Relic...
	behavior_tactics: She dissipates after the Knight delivers the Delicate Flower to...
	journal_entry: Ogrim mentions that he misses Hegemol's humour. When he is...
	weapon_damage: While Hegemol was sleeping, his armoured shell was stolen by...
	trivia: Once a knight, now lost to puerile obsession: The Dung...
Baldur_Shell:
	info: Baldur Shell Protects its bearer with a hard shell while...
	behavior_tactics: It spawns a protective shell around the Knight when using...
	spell_upgrade: The Knight also gains invincibility frames as if they were...
	location: The shell can only absorb up to four hits before...
	weapon_damage: As it takes hits, cracks form in the shell, until...
	trivia: This Charm is of debatable use, as taking a hit...
Moss_Charger:
	info: Moss Charger Hunter's Journal Without Moss Health Drops 15 8...
	behavior_tactics: Timid creature that frightens away intruders by covering itself in...
	location: On a long and flat platform, the sight of small...
Kingdom%27s_Edge:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Ancient Basin The Hive...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: He sells the Dash Slash Nail Art. ...
Corpse_Creeper:
	journal_entry: Corpse Creeper Hunter's Journal Husk Hornhead Health Drops 18 15...
	behavior_tactics: Parasitic beast that controls the body of its host after...
	info: The beasts of this land have found plenty of ingenious...
	location: They can scale walls with ease, but cannot jump. Location...
	weapon_damage: The Great Slash Nail Art helps to get rid of...
Exploration_(Hollow_Knight):
	location: Hollow Knight Silksong Exploration Areas Map & Quill Fast Travel...
	info: Elderbug tells the tragic tale of the town, as well...
	weapon_damage: Some require a toll to be activated. ...
Grubberfly%27s_Elegy:
	info: Grubberfly's Elegy Contains the gratitude of grubs who will move...
	weapon_damage: Imbues weapons with a holy strength. When the bearer is...
	location: It can be used for exploring areas and switched out...
	behavior_tactics: Fury of the Fallen Fires red projectiles at one Mask,...
	trivia: Trivia Grubberfly's Elegy may be based upon the Sword Beam...
King%27s_Pass:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads Howling Cliffs Music...
	info: Bretta and Sly , two of the missing residents, return...
	behavior_tactics: Iselda opens a map shop next to the station when...
	weapon_damage: I can't complain mind you. ...
Deepnest:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Fungal Wastes Queen's Gardens Music...
	behavior_tactics: I'd thought to test my strength against them. His efforts...
	weapon_damage: Now that bravado has left me and all I feel...
	info: Description What most identifies Deepnest is its gloomy surroundings. Thick...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Mask Maker Midwife Mister...
	spell_upgrade: Using a Spell on this being causes a seal to...
Marmu:
	info: Marmu Hunter's Journal Without Essence Theme Dream Battle Gods And...
	location: Protector of the Queen's Gardens. The Queen promised to teach...
	behavior_tactics: She proposes they play together while waiting for the Queen's...
	weapon_damage: The Great Slash Nail Art also has good range and...
	journal_entry: Marmu Hunter's Journal entry: "Protector of the Queen's Gardens. ...
Wingmould:
	info: Wingmould Hunter's Journal Open Health Drops 999 (Resets after every...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Floats in place, dealing damage upon contact....
	weapon_damage: Splits apart when hit, before reforming and regaining all health....
	journal_entry: Attacking a Wingmould counts as one kill for its Hunter's...
	location: Location Wingmoulds are found only within the White Palace. Wingmould...
	trivia: Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Gallery Idle In Path of Pain...
Radiance:
	journal_entry: Radiance Hunter's Journal Idle First Stagger Second Stagger Theme Radiance...
	info: The plague, the infection, the madness that haunts the corpses...
	trivia: What is the source? I suppose mere mortals like myself...
	location: After the Pale King arrived in Hallownest and expanded the...
	behavior_tactics: The Pale King attempted to stop the Infection by sealing...
	weapon_damage: However, with the Void unified under the Knight's will, ...
	spell_upgrade: Thus, the Knight can begin healing just about as soon...
Weavers:
	spell_upgrade: Amazing things the weavers once crafted on their looms; stories,...
	info: So much of our history was spun upon their spools....
	location: Midwife The Weavers were a tribe of spiders  that...
	behavior_tactics: This Weaver remains standing near the entrance but scuttles out...
Absolute_Radiance:
	info: Absolute Radiance Theme (Phase 1-5) Radiance (Phase 6) Tuning Health...
	trivia: What is the source? I suppose mere mortals like myself...
	behavior_tactics: She summons 3 to 4 of these orbs. These orbs...
	weapon_damage: Big Beam : The beam is slightly thinner and becomes...
	location: This means they can be destroyed on the floor, platforms,...
	spell_upgrade: Her accuracy improves the higher the Knight gets. ...
Ogrim:
	info: Dung Defender Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Dung Defender Gods...
	location: Dung Defender White Defender Skilled combatant living at the heart...
	behavior_tactics: Assails intruders with balls of compacted dung. The Dung Defender...
	weapon_damage: you may as well be fighting for dust. If you...
	journal_entry: I must apologise for my previous behaviour. I'd almost forgotten...
	trivia: Once a knight, now lost to puerile obsession: The Dung...
Armoured_Squit:
	info: Armoured Squit Health Drops 40 26 (Spawned by Ascended/Radiant Collector...
	location: Hardened squit, bred for battle in the Colosseum of Fools....
	behavior_tactics: Tougher and more aggressive than its wild ancestor. Strong and...
	journal_entry: Armoured Squit Hunter's Journal entry: "Tougher and more aggressive than...
Eternal_Ordeal:
	info: Zote the Mighty Grey Prince Zote The Eternal Ordeal Godmaster...
	location: Zote The Eternal Ordeal is a secret challenge which can...
	behavior_tactics: Zote begins to sing along with the music as waves...
	weapon_damage: No Zotelings other than the initial Zoteling the Mighty, Winged...
	journal_entry: Killing Zote at the beginning of the Eternal Ordeal unlocks...
Mask_Shards:
	info: Fragment Completed Mask Shard A shard of an ancient mask,...
	location: Requires finding Sly in Forgotten Crossroads 2. Far west end...
	trivia: 15G Trivia The A Weird and Wonderful World trailer shows...
Hundred_Nail_Warrior:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Dreamers:
	info: Monomon the Teacher Lurien the Watcher Herrah the Beast To...
	location: Their seals are present on the exterior of the Black...
	behavior_tactics: Both times the Dreamers tell the Knight to stop trying...
	weapon_damage: It must be cast away. 5G Watcher Destroy Lurien the...
	journal_entry: Lurien's journal : "Sleep beckons eternal and these words become...
Huntress:
	location: Huntress Location Unknown Gender Female. 6W >> KEY" Answer: This...
	info: The name "Huntress" comes from the password used to open...
	behavior_tactics: Have you come bearing the organs of others? Or would...
	trivia: Gallery Trivia Huntress is the first of a series of...
	spell_upgrade: Replacing the letters in "wyR xCI xUS wxyz" gives "feR...
The_Eternal_Ordeal:
	info: Zote the Mighty Grey Prince Zote The Eternal Ordeal Godmaster...
	location: Zote The Eternal Ordeal is a secret challenge which can...
	behavior_tactics: Zote begins to sing along with the music as waves...
	weapon_damage: No Zotelings other than the initial Zoteling the Mighty, Winged...
	journal_entry: Killing Zote at the beginning of the Eternal Ordeal unlocks...
Weavers%27_Den:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Fungal Wastes Queen's Gardens Music...
	behavior_tactics: I'd thought to test my strength against them. His efforts...
	weapon_damage: Now that bravado has left me and all I feel...
	info: Description What most identifies Deepnest is its gloomy surroundings. Thick...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Mask Maker Midwife Mister...
	spell_upgrade: Using a Spell on this being causes a seal to...
Spirits:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Waldie:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
City_Crest:
	info: City Crest Stone slab bearing the crest of the Hallownest...
	location: The Mantis Claw is required to gain access to this...
	behavior_tactics: It is possible to open the ceiling above the gate...
Quick_Focus:
	info: Quick Focus A charm containing a crystal lens. Effect Focus...
	spell_upgrade: Increases the speed of focusing SOUL, allowing the bearer to...
	behavior_tactics: Allows healing where it is possible to get interrupted while...
	location: How to Acquire Bought from Salubra in the Forgotten Crossroads...
	weapon_damage: Especially useful against swarms of enemies or enemies who deal...
Nail_Arts:
	info: Spells Spells are skills the Knight can activate by either...
	location: All spells use 33 SOUL. Once ingested it provides protection...
	behavior_tactics: Vengeful Spirit Conjure a spirit that will fly forward and...
	weapon_damage: This force can destroy foes or break through fragile structures....
	spell_upgrade: Abilities Abilities are skills the Knight can find throughout the...
	trivia: Cyclone Slash Dash Slash Great Slash Trivia Collecting Vengeful Spirit,...
Defender%27s_Crest:
	info: Defender's Crest Unique charm bestowed by the King of Hallownest...
	behavior_tactics: Causes the bearer to emit a heroic odour. Wear it!...
	location: A new one spawns at the Knight's location every 0....
	weapon_damage: It spawns damaging clouds around the Knight. It also damages...
	spell_upgrade: I crave a different smell. Also changes the visuals of...
	journal_entry: But my my, that potent smell does recall such joyous...
	trivia: Trivia Wearing Defender's Crest attracts small flying bugs when in...
Entombed_Husk:
	journal_entry: Entombed Husk Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 45 15 /...
	info: Mummified remains, deformed and enraged by infection. I peered inside...
	behavior_tactics: Inside these shambling corpses is a bright light that pierces...
	location: Entombed Husks are enemies in Hollow Knight. Location Found in...
	weapon_damage: It deals two Masks of damage on contact. Neither this...
Crystallised_Husk:
	info: Crystallised Husk Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 35 20 /...
	weapon_damage: Animated by a strange force, it attacks by firing beams...
	behavior_tactics: They sing too, if you listen. The crystals which they...
	location: They were miners in Crystal Peak who died amongst the...
	journal_entry: 1 Crystallised Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Remains of a bug...
Steel_Soul_Mode:
	info: Steel Soul Mode is a game mode in Hollow Knight...
	behavior_tactics: In Steel Soul Mode, there are four main changes to...
	location: However, dying in the White Palace or to the Radiance...
	weapon_damage: Unique animation upon dying. ...
Seal_of_Binding:
	info: The Grimm Troupe Content Intricate seal of ancient design. The...
	behavior_tactics: Used to contain a powerful force, or to preserve something...
	journal_entry: How to Acquire The Seal of Binding Journal entry is...
Elder_Hu:
	journal_entry: Elder Hu Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Theme Dream Battle...
	info: Lingering dream of a fallen warrior. Travelled the world tending...
	location: He reached the Mantis Village , but his own Infected...
	weapon_damage: The Mantises killed him after he attacked them. When I...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Elder Hu has two attacks in addition...
	trivia: bios" and French translation: "Dieu n. ...
Greymoor:
	location: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. On the way...
	journal_entry: 1 Blog post of June 25th, 2019. ...
Volatile_Mosskin:
	info: Volatile Mosskin Hunter's Journal Corpse Health Drops 15 5 /...
	behavior_tactics: Releases deadly gas when threatened. Behaviour and Tactics It meanders...
	weapon_damage: Once engaged, it shakes rapidly before producing an orange cloud...
	location: The same goes for its post-mortem explosion; pay attention to...
	journal_entry: Volatile Mosskin Hunter's Journal entry: "Plant-like bug swollen with infection....
Zote:
	location: Zote the Mighty Hunter's Journal Idle In Greenpath In Deepnest...
	info: Zote the Mighty Grey Prince Zote The Eternal Ordeal A...
	weapon_damage: Unfortunately, because it is made of shellwood, it cannot deal...
	behavior_tactics: He regards the Knight as beneath him and accuses them...
	journal_entry: He keeps talking about dreams, too. A promise to myself....
	spell_upgrade: Or celebrating for that matter. Dreams are dangerous things. ...
Old_Church:
	location: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. The Moss Grotto...
	behavior_tactics: After defeating the Moss Mother and ascending, Hornet, when approaching...
Lurien:
	info: Lurien the Watcher Dream Realm Limbs Physical body Projection Gender...
	behavior_tactics: Monomon the Teacher Lurien the Watcher Herrah the Beast Though...
	location: Lore Lurien used to watch over the City of Tears...
	trivia: 5G Trivia When Lurien has been killed, all the previously...
	journal_entry: Seal over Lurien's body Like the rest of the Dreamers,...
	weapon_damage: When trying to attack Lurien's physical body in the Watcher's...
Junk_Pit:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Kingdom's Edge Fungal Wastes...
	info: White Palace Aren't these waterways thrilling? A labyrinth of pipes...
	behavior_tactics: All trash carried by the water eventually ends up in...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Fluke Hermit The Godseeker...
	journal_entry: Durandoo Hunter's Journal entry: "Where does this water come from?...
Nailmaster_Sheo:
	info: Nailmaster Sheo Gender Male. these things are not so different....
	behavior_tactics: Sheo Paintmaster Sheo The wielding of a nail, the wielding...
	location: He set a hut in a far corner of Greenpath...
	weapon_damage: Facing the Knight's disinterest in his arts, Sheo finally concedes...
	trivia: although I'm not quite sure what that thing is. ...
	spell_upgrade: So now we make art together!". ...
Hallownest_Seal:
	info: Hallownest Seal Official seal of the Kingdom of Hallownest, symbolising...
	location: The seals can be found in various locations throughout the...
	spell_upgrade: It also appears frequently as an aesthetic all over the...
	trivia: The King and his Knights are long gone, but the...
Hornet_Sentinel:
	journal_entry: Hornet Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Hornet Daughter of Hallownest...
	info: For the playable Silksong protagonist, see Hornet (Silksong). Wields a...
	location: Hornet Hornet Protector Hornet Sentinel Skilled protector of Hallownest's ruins....
	weapon_damage: I thought her prey and pounced at her, but with...
	behavior_tactics: She deploys this time her full strength and tools. Behaviour...
	trivia: 10G Trivia After defeating Hornet Sentinel, if the Knight uses...
Items_(Hollow_Knight):
	location: Hollow Knight Silksong Objects collected throughout Hollow Knight that have...
	info: They can be viewed by pressing the INVENTORY key. Simple...
	behavior_tactics: Can be used to open a range of simple locks....
	weapon_damage: It has been destroyed and is now worthless as an...
	trivia: Trivia There is an unused key in the game's files...
Atra:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Stag_Nest:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Greenpath Music Ambience Ambience 1 -...
	location: Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace Enjoying the bracing air?...
	behavior_tactics: The ones who chose to leave the kingdom lost their...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Connection to King's Pass and intro cutscene location...
Mosskin_Tribe:
	location: The Green Children walked from the dream unto these lands....
	info: Table of Contents Bees. Unlike the Moth Tribe , however,...
	behavior_tactics: They also chose to stay away from the Queen's Gardens...
	journal_entry: Mosskin Hunter's Journal entry: "Plant-like bug". 1 Moss Knight Hunter's...
Stalwart_Shell:
	info: Stalwart Shell Builds resilience. Stalwart Shell is a Charm in...
	behavior_tactics: When recovering from damage, the bearer will remain invulnerable for...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Increases invincibility duration after being hit by ~35% ...
	weapon_damage: Usefulness This item primarily shines in some boss battles, especially...
	location: Location of Sly in Dirtmouth Charm Combo Tips Baldur Shell...
Deephunter:
	info: Deephunter Health Drops 18 7 / 13 Hunter's notes requirement...
	weapon_damage: Crawls along walls and roofs, spitting burning venom at anything...
	behavior_tactics: They are many-legged creatures who spit burning venom at intruders....
	location: They are often found in places where the terrain and...
	trivia: Locations in Deepnest Gallery Group of Deephunters Spitting Venom blob...
	journal_entry: Deephunter Hunter's Journal entry: "spitting burning venom at anything that...
Cowardly_Husk:
	info: Cowardly Husk Health Drops 20 9 / 15 Hunter's notes...
	behavior_tactics: Although made aggressive by the force inside, old instincts still...
	location: If backed into a corner, either the edge of an...
	trivia: Found in the City of Tears Gallery Idle Running away...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
Mantis_Lords:
	info: Mantis Lords Hunter's Journal Idle Theme Mantis Lords Sisters of...
	weapon_damage: They bear thin nail-lances and attack with blinding speed. At...
	behavior_tactics: Defeating them grants safe passage through the Mantis Village. The...
	location: They managed to resist the Infection throughout Hallownest  despite...
	spell_upgrade: This makes healing significantly easier. ...
	trivia: 10G Trivia At the entrance to the Mantis Village, after...
	journal_entry: 2 Traitor Lord Hunter's Journal entry: "Deposed Lord of the...
Bees:
	location: Though this hive exists within Hallownest, we play no part...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. Soldiers and Guardians defend the Hive...
	behavior_tactics: These airborne warriors possess a hive mind which dictates their...
	journal_entry: Hiveling Hunter's Journal entry: "Carries out simple tasks. Husk Hive...
Watcher%27s_Spire:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Kingdom's Edge Resting...
	info: There must be a lot of water up there somewhere....
	trivia: Its original name was lost to history. ...
	behavior_tactics: The members of Hallownest's high society were the ones who...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
	weapon_damage: Not a lot was sent back the other way though....
No_Eyes:
	info: No Eyes Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Theme No Eyes'...
	weapon_damage: She could not sleep knowing the dreams would infect her...
	behavior_tactics: To protect herself and other bugs, she stripped out both...
	location: She was laid to rest in the Stone Sanctuary ,...
	trivia: Gallery Spirit Summon attack No Eyes near her tomb Arena...
	journal_entry: No Eyes Hunter's Journal entry: "They're coming. ...
Hwurmp:
	info: Hwurmp Hunter's Journal Regular size Health Drops 25 5 /...
	behavior_tactics: Tiny and placid but swells to enormous size when threatened....
	location: Location They are found mainly in the north part of...
Grub_Mimic:
	journal_entry: Grub Mimic Hunter's Journal Disguised Health Drops 45 None Hunter's...
	behavior_tactics: Assumes the shape of a harmless creature to lure prey....
	info: Grub Mimics are enemies in Hollow Knight. These creatures can...
	location: Location There are a total of 5 in the whole...
Crawlid:
	info: Crawlid Health Drops 8 2 / 3 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Timid scavenger that crawls through the caverns looking for food....
	location: Cannot climb up walls or ceilings. Location Crawlids can be...
	journal_entry: Crawlid Hunter's Journal entry: "crawls through the caverns looking for...
Grubfather:
	info: Grubfather Gender Male  Voice Actor Tyler Bartley. Grubfather Grubfather...
	location: Lore Grubfather is the ageing patriarch of a colony of...
	behavior_tactics: When returning after freeing Grubs, Grubfather grants rewards such as...
	trivia: 15G Trivia After all Grubs have been freed and Grubfather...
	weapon_damage: This deals no damage and only makes Grubfather laugh. Down-striking...
Hidden_Station:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection The Abyss City of Tears Deepnest Kingdom's...
	info: White Palace Did you know the caverns continue even below...
Traitor_Lord:
	journal_entry: Traitor Lord Hunter's Journal Idle Theme Queen's Gardens (Action) Furious...
	info: Deposed Lord of the Mantis tribe. The Traitor Lord is...
	behavior_tactics: Embraced the infection and turned against his sisters. The desire...
	spell_upgrade: To become stronger, more powerful. ...
	weapon_damage: these thoughts haunt my dreams during the darkest times. In...
	location: He blocks the path to the White Lady in the...
	trivia: 5G Trivia Next to the Mantis Lords' thrones, a fourth...
Quirrel:
	location: Quirrel Idle At Blue Lake Gender Male  Voice Actor...
	journal_entry: So many tales full of wonders and horrors. So many...
	info: No longer could I resist. I just had to see...
	behavior_tactics: When Monomon became a Dreamer , she entrusted Quirrel with...
	weapon_damage: He leaves if the Knight acquires the Mantis Claw. He...
	spell_upgrade: I do so love a mystery. ...
	trivia: Now only our like even know it exists. I see...
Bonebottom:
	info: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main Bonebottom. Team Cherry Blog...
	location: Bonebottom is the first town in Pharloom that can be...
Trial_of_the_Warrior:
	info: Trial of the Warrior Description Defeat waves of enemies as...
	location: Requires 100 Given by Little Fool Starts at Colosseum of...
	behavior_tactics: For wave 2, the Sharp Baldurs can be triggered one...
Seth:
	location: Seth Location Unknown Original creator Seth Goldman Gender Male. "...
	info: Seth is an upcoming NPC and boss in Hollow Knight:...
	behavior_tactics: He guards a secret long forgotten and will attack any...
	weapon_damage: s caste have fallen to this deadly warrior. ...
	trivia: Huge thanks to Seth himself! And look forward to entering...
Rules_of_Conduct:
	info: Welcome, future wiki contributor! Please make sure you also familiarise...
	behavior_tactics: In order to combat certain problems, these rules have been...
	spell_upgrade: If you want to write fan fiction please do so...
	location: Low effort discussions, memes and shitposting is not welcome anywhere...
Brooding_Mawlek:
	journal_entry: Brooding Mawlek Hunter's Journal Idle Theme Decisive Battle Colossum Intensity...
	behavior_tactics: Ferocious but extremely social creature. Becomes aggressive if not able...
	location: I hear this beast crying out sometimes as I prowl...
	info: Who or what is it calling for? As far as...
	weapon_damage: Upon defeat, the Infection bursts out of the Mawlek, making...
Temple_of_the_Black_Egg:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Dirtmouth Fog...
	info: How to access The well in Dirtmouth The Forgotten Crossroads...
	spell_upgrade: He grants the Vengeful Spirit Spell. ...
	behavior_tactics: After killing all three Dreamers, this seal is broken and...
	trivia: Gallery Entrance from Dirtmouth's well Top of the western platform...
Broken_Vessel:
	info: Broken Vessel Hunter's Journal Idle Empty Shell Staggered Theme Broken...
	location: Where did these empty little wanderers come from? Broken Vessel...
	behavior_tactics: When approached, Lightseeds rush to fill its broken shell, forming...
	weapon_damage: Aerial Slash : Broken Vessel levitates a short distance above...
	spell_upgrade: Charms like Mark of Pride and Longnail can help extend...
	trivia: 5G Trivia Team Cherry first revealed Broken Vessel in a...
Ancient_Civilisation:
	location: This civilisation may claim itself the first, but something else...
	info: Relic Seeker Lemm The ancient civilisation was a civilisation of...
	weapon_damage: This Charm contains a forbidden Spell that transforms shadows into...
	behavior_tactics: After the Knight has Void Heart, its dialogue changes, referring...
	trivia: There is no other information on this bug besides its...
	journal_entry: 3 Void Idol Hunter's Journal entry: "Rare artifact from a...
Pale_Ore:
	info: Pale Ore Rare, pale metal that emanates an icy chill....
	weapon_damage: Prized by those who craft weapons. ...
	location: Use Pale Ore can be found in several places throughout...
	spell_upgrade: Giving the Nailsmith Pale Ore along with a payment of...
	behavior_tactics: Defeat two Lesser Mawleks that guard it. ...
	trivia: Trivia Pale Ore has some connection to Pale Beings; ...
Moss_Grotto:
	location: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. The Moss Grotto...
	behavior_tactics: After defeating the Moss Mother and ascending, Hornet, when approaching...
Death_Loodle:
	journal_entry: Death Loodle Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 45 None Hunter's...
	behavior_tactics: Loodle equipped with a helmet and taught to kill. Watch...
	weapon_damage: They seem fierce, but they have a lot of difficulty...
	info: Death Loodles are enemies in Hollow Knight. ...
	location: It is a good strategy to learn where their cages...
Confessor_Jiji:
	info: Confessor Jiji Gender Female. If we don't deal with these...
	location: She is a hidden resident of Dirtmouth who can summon...
	journal_entry: She notes that the land is now covered with the...
	behavior_tactics: I can return your regrets to you, if you share...
	trivia: Gallery Jiji's room Jiji afraid Trivia In Steel Soul Mode...
Ruined_Tramway:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Fungal Wastes Queen's Gardens Music...
	behavior_tactics: I'd thought to test my strength against them. His efforts...
	weapon_damage: Now that bravado has left me and all I feel...
	info: Description What most identifies Deepnest is its gloomy surroundings. Thick...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Mask Maker Midwife Mister...
	spell_upgrade: Using a Spell on this being causes a seal to...
Godhome:
	location: Marked Unmarked Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Connection Royal Waterways (via...
	info: Description Godhome's architecture generally consists of gold-coloured pillars and archways....
	behavior_tactics: The first three Pantheons The upper part of Godhome's atrium...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters The Godseeker Tiso Zote...
Shrine_Of_Believers:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: Not any more though. She maintains the graves and guides...
	behavior_tactics: Once Dream Nailing at least one spirit, Revek spawns and...
	spell_upgrade: After which, the Dreamers appear out of Essence and cast...
	trivia: Gallery Dreamer statues Room where Dreamshield can be found East...
Nail_Art:
	info: Spells Spells are skills the Knight can activate by either...
	location: All spells use 33 SOUL. Once ingested it provides protection...
	behavior_tactics: Vengeful Spirit Conjure a spirit that will fly forward and...
	weapon_damage: This force can destroy foes or break through fragile structures....
	spell_upgrade: Abilities Abilities are skills the Knight can find throughout the...
	trivia: Cyclone Slash Dash Slash Great Slash Trivia Collecting Vengeful Spirit,...
Galien:
	info: Galien Hunter's Journal Without Essence Theme Dream Battle Gods And...
	location: Trained in the wilds bordering the kingdom, hoping to become...
	behavior_tactics: He greets them as a fellow warrior and proposes a...
	weapon_damage: The scythe carries a lot of momentum when moving. These...
Playable_Hornet:
	info: Hollow Knight: Silksong Developers Team Cherry Shark Jump Console port...
	location: Play as Hornet, princess-protector of Hallownest, and adventure through a...
	behavior_tactics: Unlocked after beating the game. ...
Winged_Sentry:
	info: Winged Sentry Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 25 12 /...
	location: Flying sentry of Hallownest. Patrols the heights of the vast...
	behavior_tactics: Dances through the air just out of reach until it...
	weapon_damage: Behaviour and Tactics It only has one attack; a forward...
	journal_entry: Winged Sentry Hunter's Journal entry: "Flying sentry of Hallownest. ...
Moss_Mother:
	location: Moss Mother Location Old Church. The position of falling objects...
	info: Moss Mother is a boss in Hollow Knight: Silksong. Both...
	behavior_tactics: When entering her arena the room starts to rumble, then...
	trivia: Trivia Moss Mother echoes the design of Gruz Mother in...
Grimm_Troupe_(Quest):
	info: Grimm Troupe's Quest Description Gather flames for the Grimmchild ,...
	behavior_tactics: Grand Performance Ritual or Banishment (Mutually exclusive). The two endings...
	location: Quest Outline Summoning The Grimm Troupe In order to start...
	spell_upgrade: The first Grimmkin fought are the Novices , and once...
	weapon_damage: One of those four flames is carried by Brumm in...
Soul_Master:
	info: Soul Master Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme (Phase One) Mage...
	location: The bugs of Hallownest tried all kinds of tricks and...
	behavior_tactics: Soul Master hoarded Soul and consumed it, eventually gaining new...
	weapon_damage: The spirit then shatters into 300 Essence and is absorbed...
	journal_entry: The UI message after defeating the first phase After defeating...
Menderbug:
	journal_entry: Menderbug Hunter's Journal Idle Flying Health Drops 1 None Hunter's...
	location: Member of an elusive guild of bugs fixated on the...
	info: The bugs of Hallownest were obsessed with building things. Menderbug...
	behavior_tactics: What strange little minds they had. This destroys the sign...
	spell_upgrade: This requires less SOUL and doesn. ...
Jiji:
	info: Confessor Jiji Gender Female. If we don't deal with these...
	location: She is a hidden resident of Dirtmouth who can summon...
	journal_entry: She notes that the land is now covered with the...
	behavior_tactics: I can return your regrets to you, if you share...
	trivia: Gallery Jiji's room Jiji afraid Trivia In Steel Soul Mode...
Husk_Guard:
	info: Husk Guard Health Drops 70 45 / 54 Hunter's notes...
	weapon_damage: The remains of a great Hallownest Crossguard, animated by a...
	location: Instinct still drives it to guard its post against intruders....
	behavior_tactics: Larger and stronger than their brothers, these bugs are still...
	journal_entry: 1 Husk Guard Hunter's Journal entry: "The remains of a...
Tiso:
	info: Tiso Idle Resting Corpse Theme Furious Gods Gender Male ...
	location: Though few could truly challenge me, I'm hoping this arena...
	behavior_tactics: He fights using his shield, which he claims conceals a...
	journal_entry: You use these old lines? Pathetic. Tiso: "You use these...
	spell_upgrade: He has no need for such convenience. He has no...
	weapon_damage: It's action I want, vicious and deadly battle. Exhausted dialogue...
	trivia: This serenity is a bore. Pray you never find out...
Mossy_Vagabond:
	info: Mossy Vagabond Hunter's Journal Idle Sitting Corpse Health Drops 25...
	behavior_tactics: Easily swayed by others. They are Mosskin who forgot about...
	weapon_damage: They are very easy to kill. ...
	location: After defeating Broken Vessel and acquiring the Monarch Wings ,...
	journal_entry: Inspecting one of the corpses immediately grants the Journal entry...
Nailmaster%27s_Glory:
	info: Nailmaster's Glory Contains the passion, skill and regrets of a...
	spell_upgrade: Increases the bearer's mastery of Nail Arts, allowing them to...
	weapon_damage: Usefulness With the Pure Nail 's power to kill most...
	location: How to Acquire Given by Sly after receiving all 3...
	journal_entry: I do not begrudge you his love. ...
	trivia: Trivia The design of the Charm heavily resembles the head...
Notches:
	spell_upgrade: Charms are gorgeous, mystical, one-of-a-kind accessories with a spark of...
	info: Just wearing one is enough to change your life! You'll...
	location: Charms use Notches when equipped and can only be equipped...
	behavior_tactics: Picking up a Charm Notch fully restores the Knight's health....
	weapon_damage: Increases the amount of SOUL gained when striking an enemy...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. This charm is unbreakable. This charm...
Seals:
	info: Seals are magical formations which appear in both Hallownest and...
	behavior_tactics: Most seals do not automatically appear but require certain actions...
	location: Seals might also exist to block access to certain areas...
	weapon_damage: Damage protection seals Seals which protect somebody from being damaged...
	journal_entry: The Hunter's Journal entry of the Seal of Binding is...
	trivia: Miscellaneous seals Seals which do not fit into any other...
Mistake:
	info: Mistake Hunter's Journal Alternate form Health Drops 13 3 /...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Meanders back and forth, charging at the...
	location: May occasionally appear out of the ground. ? Location Large...
	journal_entry: Mistake Hunter's Journal entry: "Once a highly intelligent bug, deformed...
Kickstarter:
	info: The Hollow Knight Kickstarter campaign was a crowd-funding project that...
	location: In this month, a total of $58,893 AUD was raised...
	behavior_tactics: 35 AU$ 200 or more: Appear in-game as a warrior-spirit...
	weapon_damage: Their nail would be weak, dashes could fail, and after...
Fungified_Husk:
	info: Fungified Husk Hunter's Journal Idle 1 Idle 2 Health Drops...
	weapon_damage: Frequently releases clouds of thick, deadly gas. Once engaged, it...
	location: The bugs of Hallownest are so pathetic that being infected...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Much like the Volatile Mosskin , it...
	trivia: Locations in the Fungal Wastes Gallery Variant 1 idle Variant...
	journal_entry: Fungified Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest are...
Fungling:
	info: Fungling Health Drops 10 2 / 3 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: When I was young, my brothers and sisters and I...
	location: Now I hunt alone. Location They are found in large...
Grimmsteed:
	info: Grimmsteed Steed 1 Steed 2 Gender Unknown. The Grimm Troupe...
	location: They appear together with the Grimm Troupe in Dirtmouth. The...
	trivia: Grimmsteeds' location in Dirtmouth Gallery Trivia Just like Willoh, ...
Void_Heart:
	info: Void Heart An emptiness that was hidden within, now unconstrained....
	behavior_tactics: Unifies the void under the bearer's will. It causes Siblings...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Unlocks 4 endings Prevents the non-Void Heart ending for...
	location: The area's entrance only opens if the Kingsoul Charm is...
	weapon_damage: Makes Jinn feel a thing. ...
	trivia: 20G Trivia It is not possible to die during the...
Overcharmed:
	spell_upgrade: Charms are gorgeous, mystical, one-of-a-kind accessories with a spark of...
	info: Just wearing one is enough to change your life! You'll...
	location: Charms use Notches when equipped and can only be equipped...
	behavior_tactics: Picking up a Charm Notch fully restores the Knight's health....
	weapon_damage: Increases the amount of SOUL gained when striking an enemy...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. This charm is unbreakable. This charm...
Heavy_Blow:
	weapon_damage: Heavy Blow Formed from the nails of fallen warriors. Effect...
	spell_upgrade: Increases the force of the bearer's nail, causing enemies to...
	info: Heavy Blow is a Charm in Hollow Knight. It also...
	behavior_tactics: Using Heavy Blow against this kind of enemy usually pushes...
	location: Shop description: You enjoy smacking about foes with that nail...
Void_Entity:
	info: Shade Beast Both of the following Void beings are forms...
	location: A statue of this entity is seen in the Hall...
	behavior_tactics: Its scream can be heard during the cutscene that plays...
	trivia: Gallery Void given Form during the Radiance fight Void given...
Gruz_Mother:
	info: Gruz Mother Hunter's Journal Awake Theme Decisive Battle Colosseum Intensity...
	behavior_tactics: Mature gruzzer that carries its young in its belly. Attacks...
	journal_entry: Unlocking her Journal entry requires beating 3 Gruz Mothers. ...
	location: In-game events One Gruz Mother can be found blocking the...
	weapon_damage: She is sleeping, exhausted from carrying her children, and wakes...
The_Snail_Shamans:
	info: For more information on the NPC found in the Ancestral...
	behavior_tactics: There's something powerful about this creature's aura, but it doesn't...
	location: Ellina the Chronicler The lands of Hallownest are filled by...
	spell_upgrade: Their knowledge of Soul allows them to craft Charms to...
	weapon_damage: it's not within the skills of us snails to do...
The_White_Lady:
	location: White Lady Queen's Gardens Godhome Gender Female Voice Actor Zara...
	info: These bindings about me, I've chosen to erect. There is...
	behavior_tactics: Out of shame for her part in their creation, she...
	weapon_damage: Its supposed strength was ill-judged. Even your booming voice falls...
	journal_entry: I still feel that urge you see. But my my,...
	trivia: similarity? It is a distant link, one words would strain...
Battle_Obble:
	info: Battle Obble Health Drops 70 None Hunter's notes requirement 15...
	location: Raised in the Colosseum. These bulbous creatures were raised in...
	behavior_tactics: Although trained for combat, its movements and attacks are still...
	weapon_damage: Although trained for combat,". ...
Gluttonous_Husk:
	journal_entry: Gluttonous Husk Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 30 11 /...
	info: Former member of Hallownest's high society. In life, these upper-class...
	behavior_tactics: Uses its corpulent body as a weapon. As these bugs...
	location: My Geo? This wealth. Corpse in the Pleasure House :....
Bosses_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong For the Godmaster versions of Bosses and...
	location: Some bosses also make a second appearance in the Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Dream Nailing a Warrior Dream automatically starts the fight, and...
	weapon_damage: The Dream Nail has no effect when used during the...
Pure_Vessel:
	journal_entry: Pure Vessel Hunter's Journal Staggered Armoured Theme Pure Vessel Health...
	info: The Hollow Knight Pure Vessel Godmaster Content Chosen vessel, raised...
	location: They sit at the top of the Pantheon of the...
	behavior_tactics: They have the following abilities: Soul Daggers : Pure Vessel...
	weapon_damage: The hand glows white while they summon seven daggers that...
	spell_upgrade: Adding Shape of Unn to Quick Focus grants the Knight...
	trivia: 10G Trivia The Pure Vessel was shown through the trailer...
Nymm:
	location: The Grimm Troupe Content I find the place a little...
	info: Nymm Nymm is an NPC in Hollow Knight. He is...
	behavior_tactics: He gives the Carefree Melody Charm to the Knight. He...
	weapon_damage: Even my song could not mask such a horrible shriek....
	trivia: Nymm's location in Dirtmouth Gallery Nymm in Dirtmouth Trivia The...
Wayward_Compass:
	location: Wayward Compass Whispers its location to the bearer whenever a...
	info: Usefulness The Knight's map pin This Charm is useful for...
Stagways:
	location: Fast Travel is the method of travelling directly from one...
	info: As the Knight progresses through the game, they encounter three...
	weapon_damage: It has a strange air of danger to it. ...
	behavior_tactics: No matter how old I grow, the world still keeps...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Locked gate of the Stag Station in Queen's...
Old_Stag:
	info: The Last Stag Gender Male  Voice Actor Ari Gibson....
	location: Lore The Last Stag is a large stag beetle and...
	behavior_tactics: His dedication to the Stagways makes him dislike the Tramways...
	weapon_damage: I fear if you travel with me it will be...
	trivia: 15G Trivia The Hollow Knight Beta contains cut sleeping sprites...
Tram_Pass:
	location: Tram Pass A lifetime pass to the tramways connecting parts...
	info: These passes cost a huge amount of Geo and each...
	behavior_tactics: The thought a mere machine could attempt what we stags...
The_Infection:
	info: The bugs of Hallownest were twisted out of shape by...
	location: After the kingdom of Hallownest was founded, the Moths turned...
	behavior_tactics: It started to manifest itself as bugs struggled against the...
	trivia: Trivia The Infection apparently has a sweet smell and taste....
	journal_entry: 2 Violent Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest...
	weapon_damage: We knights defend against the physical, but a formless enemy....
	spell_upgrade: To become stronger, more powerful. ...
Mark_of_Pride:
	info: Mark of Pride Freely given by the Mantis Tribe to...
	weapon_damage: Greatly increases the range of the bearer's nail, allowing them...
	location: This room can only be accessed after defeating the Mantis...
	behavior_tactics: Quick Slash Useful to keep enemies consistently within melee range...
Menu_Styles_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Menu Styles are used to customize the main menu of...
	weapon_damage: In addition to their main appearance changes, each one comes...
	behavior_tactics: They can be changed in the Extras tab of the...
	location: It also features the ambient audio of Crystal Peak. It...
	trivia: Voidheart menu style Trivia A different variant of the Godmaster...
Flukenest:
	info: Flukenest Living charm born in the gut of a Flukemarm....
	spell_upgrade: Transforms the Vengeful Spirit spell into a horde of volatile...
	behavior_tactics: Because of this, enemies can be damaged more than once,...
	location: Location of Flukemarm in the Royal Waterways Unlocked dialogue Flueknest...
	weapon_damage: 2 seconds and deals ~22 damage. Fluke projectiles are also,...
	trivia: Trivia This charm does not damage the Hollow Knight or...
Goam:
	info: Goam Health Drops - None Hunter's notes requirement Entry. They...
	behavior_tactics: Thickly armoured, it bursts from the ground to seize prey...
	weapon_damage: These brutes seem to be impervious to most damage, so...
	location: It cannot be damaged or killed. Location They are mainly...
	trivia: Found in Infected/Forgotten Crossroads Found in Deepnest Fossil Location Gallery...
Lore:
	info: The story of the Kingdom of Hallownest can be pieced...
Isma:
	info: What a towering figure he was, though surprisingly soft spoken...
	location: Information on the individual Great Knights is sparse, with Relic...
	behavior_tactics: She dissipates after the Knight delivers the Delicate Flower to...
	journal_entry: Ogrim mentions that he misses Hegemol's humour. When he is...
	weapon_damage: While Hegemol was sleeping, his armoured shell was stolen by...
	trivia: Once a knight, now lost to puerile obsession: The Dung...
Watcher_Knight:
	info: Watcher Knight Hunter's Journal Idle Before Reanimation Theme False Knight...
	behavior_tactics: Discarded shell of a Watcher Knight, re-animated by a swarm...
	weapon_damage: When these silent warriors fall in battle, their bodies split...
	location: Its support can be severed from a hidden space behind...
	journal_entry: 1 Watcher Knight Hunter's Journal entry: "Discarded shell of a...
Pantheon_of_the_Artist:
	info: Godmaster Content Seek the God Inspired The Pantheon of the...
	trivia: 10G Trivia On Steam, the Inspiration achievement has the description...
Hex:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Duranda:
	info: Duranda Health Drops 30 4 / 5 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Thinks itself fully protected and so is unconcerned by passers...
	location: Location They can only be found in Greenpath , serving...
	trivia: Locations in Greenpath Gallery Near the entrance to Sheo Durandas...
	journal_entry: Duranda Hunter's Journal entry: "Simple flying creature protected by a...
Queen%27s_Gardens:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Deepnest Greenpath Fog Canyon Fungal Wastes Music...
	info: White Palace Have you heard of Hallownest's Queen? Apparently these...
	behavior_tactics: After the Traitor Lord's defeat, she grants a White Fragment...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Cornifer Caelif & Fera...
Developer_Notes:
	info: This page contains a list of cut content for Hollow...
	location: Cut Areas Most revealed areas did make it into the...
	weapon_damage: re defeated while it. It would have made the Knight...
	behavior_tactics: Vengeful Swarm "When taking damage, spawn angry hatchlings that attack...
	spell_upgrade: Gifts, so lovely! Aaaahh. From below, our pure Vessel has...
	trivia: What then is this? Only a weak thing. Myusha? Dungo...
	journal_entry: But his are traits that transcend our kind. Death, I...
Ambloom:
	info: Ambloom Health Drops 12 2 / 3 Hunter's notes requirement...
	weapon_damage: Its cap is covered in a layer of hardened spikes....
	behavior_tactics: Lie on your belly, open your maw and let this...
	location: Location Amblooms are found only in the Fungal Wastes ,...
	journal_entry: Ambloom Hunter's Journal entry: "Simple-minded crawling fungus. ...
Simple_Key:
	info: Simple Key Cheaply manufactured from a common design. Flimsily made,...
	behavior_tactics: Can be used to open a range of simple locks....
	location: Use There are four locations that can be opened using...
Charged_Lumafly:
	journal_entry: Charged Lumafly Hunter's Journal Attacking Health Drops - None Hunter's...
	behavior_tactics: When threatened they cluster together, generating electricity. Watch closely for...
	weapon_damage: They usually drift about peacefully, but sometimes they cluster together...
	info: Charged Lumaflies are enemies in Hollow Knight. Wanderer's Journal ,...
	location: Location They are found in abundance in Fog Canyon ,...
Millybug:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Molten:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Caspian:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Leaping_Husk:
	info: Leaping Husk Health Drops 15 3 / 4 Hunter's notes...
	behavior_tactics: The remains of a bug, animated by a strange force....
	location: Only dangerous when not on level ground or near hazards,...
	weapon_damage: To hurt me? I'm not. Something below the surface has...
Lake_of_Unn:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Fog Canyon Forgotten Crossroads Howling Cliffs Queen's...
	info: In every bush and every vine the mind of Unn...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight has the choice to either save him or...
	journal_entry: Mosskin Hunter's Journal entry: "Plant-like bug ". ...
The_Knight:
	info: The Knight Idle Front Resting Shade Weapon Nail Equipment Charms...
	weapon_damage: An enigmatic wanderer who descends into Hallownest carrying only a...
	location: After climbing out of their birthplace in the Abyss, the...
	behavior_tactics: The entrance to the Abyss was sealed, causing the Knight...
	spell_upgrade: Throughout the game, the Knight gains access to new powers...
Lifeblood:
	info: For the content pack , released on 20 April, 2018,...
	location: A Lifeblood Cocoon is a large sac filled with Lifeblood...
	behavior_tactics: When struck, it spawns 2-5 Lifeseeds. ...
Five_Great_Knights:
	info: What a towering figure he was, though surprisingly soft spoken...
	location: Information on the individual Great Knights is sparse, with Relic...
	behavior_tactics: She dissipates after the Knight delivers the Delicate Flower to...
	journal_entry: Ogrim mentions that he misses Hegemol's humour. When he is...
	weapon_damage: While Hegemol was sleeping, his armoured shell was stolen by...
	trivia: Once a knight, now lost to puerile obsession: The Dung...
Willoh:
	info: Willoh Idle Eating Gender Female. Willoh Willoh is an NPC...
	behavior_tactics: Come in search of treats have you? I chanced upon...
	location: I've found it only in this station and the taste...
	spell_upgrade: Listening again, exhausted dialogue Feel free to stop by anytime....
Church_Keeper:
	location: Church Keeper Location Moss Grotto Gender Unknown. ...
	info: Church Keeper is an NPC in Hollow Knight: Silksong. They...
Stone_Sanctuary:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Fog Canyon Forgotten Crossroads Howling Cliffs Queen's...
	info: In every bush and every vine the mind of Unn...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight has the choice to either save him or...
	journal_entry: Mosskin Hunter's Journal entry: "Plant-like bug ". ...
Joni%27s_Blessing:
	info: Joni's Blessing Blessed by Joni, the kindly heretic. Transfigures vital...
	behavior_tactics: Effect Increase Masks by 40% (rounded up), all Masks become...
	spell_upgrade: It changes all Masks to Lifeblood Masks and increases Masks...
	weapon_damage: Masks added by Lifeblood Heart and Lifeblood Core are not...
	location: Joni's Blessing location Charm Synergies Hiveblood Hiveblood can regenerate Lifeblood...
	trivia: Trivia Reaching 1 Mask while having this Charm equipped does...
Husk_Sentry:
	info: Husk Sentry Health Drops 25 (Old Nail) 28 (Sharpened Nail)...
	location: Animated remains of a Hallownest Sentry. They grunt a distinctive...
	behavior_tactics: Keep the pressure on them. Behaviour and Tactics Husk Sentries...
	weapon_damage: Triple Slash : Instead of performing a normal Slash, it...
	trivia: Locations in the City of Tears Locations in the Royal...
	journal_entry: Husk Sentry Hunter's Journal entry: "Animated remains of a Hallownest...
Pure_Nail:
	info: For the strong attacks taught by the Nailmasters , see...
	location: The Nailsmith in the City of Tears can upgrade the...
	weapon_damage: Its blade is blunt with age and wear. Default weapon...
	behavior_tactics: 4000 + 3 Pale Ore 21 Nail-bouncing By jumping and...
	trivia: Trivia Upgrading the Nail does not change its appearance in...
Mothwing_Cloak:
	info: Inventory Prompt Mothwing Cloak Cloak threaded with mothwing strands. The...
	behavior_tactics: Allows the wearer to dash forwards along the ground or...
	location: Function Press DASH to dash a short distance in the...
	spell_upgrade: Allows the Knight to cross gaps too far to reach...
	trivia: Location Trivia The original name for this item on the...
Sharp_Shadow:
	weapon_damage: Sharp Shadow Contains a forbidden spell that transforms shadows into...
	behavior_tactics: When using Shadow Dash, the bearer's body will sharpen and...
	info: Effect Damages enemies for 1 x Nail damage when dashing...
	location: How to Acquire Located in Deepnest , southeast of the...
	trivia: Trivia When using the Shade Cloak with Sharp Shadow the...
Soul_Vessel:
	info: Soul is an arcane force that is generated from bugs...
	spell_upgrade: When put to use it can be twisted into Spells...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight uses the same method the Scholars did for...
	weapon_damage: Acquiring SOUL There are several ways to acquire SOUL throughout...
	location: Soul Totems Soul Totems are structures found throughout Hallownest. It...
	trivia: Trivia Team Cherry was inspired by Bloodborne's healing system for...
	journal_entry: Soul Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Hoarded soul hoping to stave...
The_Collector%27s_Map:
	location: Taken the Collector's Map Hold QUICK MAP to view a...
	info: The Collector's Map is an Item in Hollow Knight. ...
Tram:
	location: Fast Travel is the method of travelling directly from one...
	info: As the Knight progresses through the game, they encounter three...
	weapon_damage: It has a strange air of danger to it. ...
	behavior_tactics: No matter how old I grow, the world still keeps...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Locked gate of the Stag Station in Queen's...
Fungoon:
	info: Fungoon Health Drops 15 6 / 8 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Spits built up internal gas at aggressors. I must hunt...
	weapon_damage: It blows a blast of Infected gas at its foe...
	location: Location They can be found in most of the Fungal...
Stag_Station:
	location: Fast Travel is the method of travelling directly from one...
	info: As the Knight progresses through the game, they encounter three...
	weapon_damage: It has a strange air of danger to it. ...
	behavior_tactics: No matter how old I grow, the world still keeps...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Locked gate of the Stag Station in Queen's...
Palace_Grounds:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection The Abyss City of Tears Deepnest Kingdom's...
	info: White Palace Did you know the caverns continue even below...
Hegemol:
	info: What a towering figure he was, though surprisingly soft spoken...
	location: Information on the individual Great Knights is sparse, with Relic...
	behavior_tactics: She dissipates after the Knight delivers the Delicate Flower to...
	journal_entry: Ogrim mentions that he misses Hegemol's humour. When he is...
	weapon_damage: While Hegemol was sleeping, his armoured shell was stolen by...
	trivia: Once a knight, now lost to puerile obsession: The Dung...
Blue_Lake:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: Not any more though. She maintains the graves and guides...
	behavior_tactics: Once Dream Nailing at least one spirit, Revek spawns and...
	spell_upgrade: After which, the Dreamers appear out of Essence and cast...
	trivia: Gallery Dreamer statues Room where Dreamshield can be found East...
Spell_Twister:
	info: Spell Twister Reflecting the desires of the Soul Sanctum for...
	spell_upgrade: Reduces the SOUL cost of casting spells. Effect Reduces SOUL...
	location: The room which leads up to it is filled with...
Dashmaster:
	info: Dashmaster Bears the likeness of an eccentric bug known only...
	behavior_tactics: The bearer will be able to dash more often as...
	spell_upgrade: It decreases the cooldown of the Mothwing Cloak and allows...
	location: How to Acquire Found beneath a statue below the Mantis...
	trivia: Trivia When the Dashmaster's statue is struck with the Dream...
The_Last_Stag:
	info: The Last Stag Gender Male  Voice Actor Ari Gibson....
	location: Lore The Last Stag is a large stag beetle and...
	behavior_tactics: His dedication to the Stagways makes him dislike the Tramways...
	weapon_damage: I fear if you travel with me it will be...
	trivia: 15G Trivia The Hollow Knight Beta contains cut sleeping sprites...
Dung_Defender:
	info: Dung Defender Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Dung Defender Gods...
	location: Dung Defender White Defender Skilled combatant living at the heart...
	behavior_tactics: Assails intruders with balls of compacted dung. The Dung Defender...
	weapon_damage: you may as well be fighting for dust. If you...
	journal_entry: I must apologise for my previous behaviour. I'd almost forgotten...
	trivia: Once a knight, now lost to puerile obsession: The Dung...
Nailmasters_Oro_and_Mato:
	info: Nailmasters Oro & Mato Hunter's Journal Idle Theme (Phase One)...
	location: "Gods by toil and nail bound, Brothers sworn to guard...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Phase 1 Nailmaster Oro uses the following...
	weapon_damage: The first slash is a backhand swipe, and the second...
	spell_upgrade: This allows safe healing during any attack except a Dash...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Despite the bad blood of Oro and Mato's...
Needle:
	info: Hornet's Needle Needle is the term used to describe the...
Abyss_Creature:
	info: The head of the Abyss creature. In the room containing...
	location: It makes no noise, and cannot be interacted with in...
Xero:
	journal_entry: Xero Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Theme Dream Battle Gods...
	info: Lingering dream of a fallen warrior. Executed for crimes against...
	location: Better to wander the world than be cursed with glory....
	weapon_damage: When his mind was infected , he hoped to fight...
	behavior_tactics: Fueled by the same hope, he turned against the Pale...
Beta:
	info: Hollow Knight Beta Release Date September, 2015 ( Kickstarter backers...
	location: Area differences The beta only contains King's Pass , Dirtmouth...
	behavior_tactics: Brooding Mawlek has a different explosion sound when killed and...
	weapon_damage: Oh, don't thank me. Perhaps dreams aren't such great things...
	spell_upgrade: Rest assured the final product will be of a much...
	trivia: ? I c-can't remember the rest of that one, ha...
	journal_entry: For so long I'd heard the tales of this strange,...
Vespa:
	info: Hive Queen Vespa Spirit Corpse Gender Female. All things must...
	journal_entry: To rail against nature is folly. Exhausted dialogue To rail...
	location: Lore Vespa was the queen of the Hive, a tribe...
Joni%27s_Repose:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Greenpath Music Ambience Ambience 1 -...
	location: Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace Enjoying the bracing air?...
	behavior_tactics: The ones who chose to leave the kingdom lost their...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Connection to King's Pass and intro cutscene location...
Primal_Aspid:
	info: Primal Aspid Health Drops 35 26 (Spawned by Ascended/Radiant Collector...
	location: Once thought extinct, they have reappeared at the edges of...
	weapon_damage: These cruel foes will ambush you and relentlessly attack with...
	behavior_tactics: The most dangerous in packs, these flying hunters attack by...
Shade_Cloak:
	info: Inventory Prompt Shade Cloak Cloak formed from the substance of...
	behavior_tactics: Allows the wearer to dash through enemies and their attacks...
	spell_upgrade: Function The Shade Cloak acts as an upgrade to the...
	location: How to Acquire Located in the Abyss , to the...
Updates_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Software updates are written in a 4-decimal format notation: MAJOR....
	behavior_tactics: 11833 October 21st, 2021 Fixed Aspid Hunters and Primal Aspids...
	location: 9 (beta) August 29th, 2018 Fixed (another) issue where Hornet...
	weapon_damage: 7 (beta) May 1st, 2018 Fixed display issue during final...
	spell_upgrade: Essence can be gathered by defeating enemies. Further language refinements...
Master_Herald:
	info: Mister Mushroom Idle Flying Gender Male Voice Actor William Pellen....
	weapon_damage: Caps and shells may fall to dust, But Mr Mushroom...
	location: His babbles can be heard from a distance, guiding the...
	behavior_tactics: Throughout his dialogue, it is apparent that Mister Mushroom does...
	trivia: Hmm? No, not him. 15G Trivia Mister Mushroom is one...
	journal_entry: Tis a long road we tread, but a joyous one....
Royal_Waterways:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Kingdom's Edge Fungal Wastes...
	info: White Palace Aren't these waterways thrilling? A labyrinth of pipes...
	behavior_tactics: All trash carried by the water eventually ends up in...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Fluke Hermit The Godseeker...
	journal_entry: Durandoo Hunter's Journal entry: "Where does this water come from?...
Husk_Miner:
	info: Husk Miner Hunter's Journal Unprovoked Health Drops 25 10 /...
	weapon_damage: Its claw-pick now doubles as a fierce weapon. The claw-picks...
	location: They would dig furtively through the dirt for stone, ore...
	behavior_tactics: When hostile it runs feverishly back and forth until the...
Steel_Assassin_Sharpe:
	location: Steel Assassin Sharpe Location TBA Gender Male  Backer Jaspal...
	info: Steel Assassin Sharpe is an upcoming boss in Hollow Knight:...
	behavior_tactics: s assassin uses its proboscis as both a blade and...
	trivia: ll leave you to guess at their full nature. ...
Shopkeeper%27s_Key:
	info: Shopkeeper's Key Small brass key made in the likeness of...
	location: How to Acquire This key is found in the Crystal...
King%27s_Idol:
	info: King's Idol A white idol depicting the King of Hallownest....
	location: They are found in various locations throughout Hallownest. Since the...
The_Hollow_Knight:
	info: Hollow Knight Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Chained up Young Theme...
	location: The old King of Hallownest. The Radiance was sealed within...
	behavior_tactics: The sacrifices he imposed on others. By killing the Hollow...
	weapon_damage: At the end of this fight, the Hollow Knight's Shade...
	spell_upgrade: In Phase 2 of the fight, the Hollow Knight gains...
	trivia: 30G Trivia Even though their Shade has two arms, the...
	journal_entry: Violent Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest were...
Last_Stag:
	info: The Last Stag Gender Male  Voice Actor Ari Gibson....
	location: Lore The Last Stag is a large stag beetle and...
	behavior_tactics: His dedication to the Stagways makes him dislike the Tramways...
	weapon_damage: I fear if you travel with me it will be...
	trivia: 15G Trivia The Hollow Knight Beta contains cut sleeping sprites...
Last_Judge:
	info: Last Judge Gender Unknown. Last Judge is an upcoming enemy...
	weapon_damage: It is seen in a screenshot shooting rings of fire...
	behavior_tactics: Gallery Dash attack Jump attack Flail attack References. ...
Trial_of_the_Fool:
	info: Trial of the Fool Description Defeat waves of enemies as...
	location: Requires 800 Given by Little Fool Starts at Colosseum of...
	weapon_damage: Cyclone Slash tears through most foes, while Great Slash and...
	trivia: Weaversong makes the final boss trivial. ...
	behavior_tactics: Together with Grubsong the Weaverlings can generate a fair amount...
Grub:
	info: Grubs are creatures found trapped in glass jars throughout Hallownest....
	behavior_tactics: They can be freed from their jar after which Grubfather...
	location: When close enough to their location, a faint crying noise...
Millibelle_the_Thief:
	info: Millibelle the Banker Idle Pleasure House Gender Female. Losing one's...
	location: Lore Despite the lack of activity in Hallownest, Millibelle opened...
	behavior_tactics: However, behind her kind and polite facade, Millibelle is a...
	weapon_damage: Here she can be hit with the Nail and bounced...
Grimmkin_Master:
	info: Grimmkin Master Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Unactivated Health Drops...
	weapon_damage: It will relinquish the flame once defeated. "A spark of...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Grimmkin Masters have four attacks: Charge :...
	spell_upgrade: Faster than the Grimmkin Novice. ...
	location: Dream Nail Dialogue Dance with me! So dark! Burn brighter!...
Soul_Totem:
	info: Soul is an arcane force that is generated from bugs...
	spell_upgrade: When put to use it can be twisted into Spells...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight uses the same method the Scholars did for...
	weapon_damage: Acquiring SOUL There are several ways to acquire SOUL throughout...
	location: Soul Totems Soul Totems are structures found throughout Hallownest. It...
	trivia: Trivia Team Cherry was inspired by Bloodborne's healing system for...
	journal_entry: Soul Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Hoarded soul hoping to stave...
Nightmare_King:
	journal_entry: Nightmare King Hunter's Journal Without Essence Staggered Theme Nightmare King...
	info: Troupe Master Grimm Nightmare King Grimm The Grimm Troupe Content...
	location: While he can be fought in the Pantheon of Hallownest...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics To start the fight with Nightmare King...
	weapon_damage: Nightmare King Grimm bursts into six fireballs instead of five....
	trivia: 10G Trivia Other than the Radiance and Absolute Radiance ,...
Ze%27mer:
	info: Grey Mourner Gender Female  Backer Felyndiira. For more information...
	location: She is not originally from Hallownest, being native to an...
	behavior_tactics: Reaching her requires Desolate Dive or Descending Dark. Listening after...
	weapon_damage: This cruel, sinful world. Such suffering for che'. Che' wouldn't...
	trivia: 5G Trivia The full name of the Kickstarter backer who...
The_Traitors%27_Child:
	behavior_tactics: The Traitors' Child Idle Bowing Gender Female. She is involved...
	info: Ahhh Le'mer, you could not know of tragedy as complete...
	location: She was buried in the Queen's Gardens. In-game events The...
Herrah_the_Beast:
	info: Herrah the Beast Dream Realm Physical body Projection Gender Female....
	behavior_tactics: The Spider Tribe and Herrah herself never accepted the Pale...
	location: When the Infection first appeared, the Pale King asked Herrah...
	weapon_damage: Her physical body has disappeared when the Knight wakes up....
	trivia: 5G Trivia Early in development, Herrah was called Hegemol. ...
Monarch_Wings:
	info: Inventory Prompt Monarch Wings Wings of ethereal matter that shimmer...
	behavior_tactics: Allow one to jump again in mid-air. Consumed the Monarch...
	location: The Monarch Wings are not necessary to finish the game;...
	trivia: Location Trivia Collecting the Monarch Wings is one of the...
Godmaster:
	info: Godmaster Update Type Free Content Pack 03 Release Date August...
	location: Take your place amongst the Gods. For a full list...
	spell_upgrade: This last content pack added an endgame quest and fighting...
	weapon_damage: Using the key to open the coffin reveals the Godseeker...
	behavior_tactics: Then the Knight must use the Dream Nail on the...
Mask_Shard:
	info: Fragment Completed Mask Shard A shard of an ancient mask,...
	location: Requires finding Sly in Forgotten Crossroads 2. Far west end...
	trivia: 15G Trivia The A Weird and Wonderful World trailer shows...
Areas_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong Clicking an area will lead to that...
	location: (The following areas are not included in the world map:...
Traitors%27_Child:
	behavior_tactics: The Traitors' Child Idle Bowing Gender Female. She is involved...
	info: Ahhh Le'mer, you could not know of tragedy as complete...
	location: She was buried in the Queen's Gardens. In-game events The...
Perpetos_Noo:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Carver_Hatcher:
	info: Carver Hatcher Hunter's Journal Chasing Health Drops 35 25 /...
	behavior_tactics: Flying creature that fires out dirtcarvers from its body when...
	location: Location Carver Hatchers can only be spotted in the north...
	journal_entry: Carver Hatcher Hunter's Journal entry: "Flying creature that fires out...
Wyatt:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
King%27s_Brand:
	info: Inventory Prompt King's Brand Marks the bearer as King. Effects...
	location: Hallownest's ancient places shall open before it. s gates will...
	behavior_tactics: Normally requires Monarch Wings to access, but can be accessed...
	spell_upgrade: Old memories cause my mind to wander on such silly...
	trivia: Trivia After the Knight is marked with the King's Brand,...
Deep_Focus:
	info: Deep Focus Naturally formed within a crystal over a long...
	spell_upgrade: The bearer will focus SOUL at a slower rate, but...
	weapon_damage: Its restrictive cost and slow Focus time make it hard...
	location: It is better used in areas where there is lots...
	behavior_tactics: 2 Without any Charms, and ignoring the 0. ...
Grubs:
	info: Grubs are creatures found trapped in glass jars throughout Hallownest....
	behavior_tactics: They can be freed from their jar after which Grubfather...
	location: When close enough to their location, a faint crying noise...
Deepling:
	info: Deepling Health Drops 15 None Hunter's notes requirement 25 kills....
	location: Infant of the Deepnest. The Deepnest is a dangerous place...
	behavior_tactics: Keep your strength up in the darkness. Behaviour and Tactics...
	trivia: Locations in Deepnest Gallery Near Weavers' Den In Beast's Den...
	journal_entry: Deepling Hunter's Journal entry: "Infant of the Deepnest. ...
Weathered_Mask:
	location: Godmaster Content Strange mask from a godless land, passed down...
	info: The design suggests the wearer's thoughts were focused through the...
	journal_entry: Weathered Mask Hunter's Journal entry: "Strange mask from a godless...
Soul_Warrior:
	info: Soul Warrior Hunter's Journal Idle Theme Waterways (action) Colossum Intensity...
	spell_upgrade: Enhances its combat prowess with harvested soul. ...
	location: Where these strange warriors go, whispers follow them. Not only...
	journal_entry: Unlocking its Journal entry requires defeating it twice. Soul Warrior...
	behavior_tactics: The first one summons up to 9 Follies and the...
Nailmaster_Mato:
	info: Nailmaster Mato Gender Male. Mato Brothers Oro & Mato Now...
	weapon_damage: He teaches the Cyclone Slash to whoever is willing to...
	behavior_tactics: Mato also appears as a boss in the Brothers Oro...
	location: He established a hut at the top of the world...
Vessels:
	info: Vessels are genderless   beings of the Void who...
	location: The area within the Abyss known as the "birthplace" is...
	behavior_tactics: The Infection drove it mad but also made it stronger....
	trivia: Trivia Vessel egg located at the bottom of the Birthplace...
	journal_entry: The Hollow Knight Hunter's Journal entry: "Fully grown Vessel". Broken...
Snail_Shamans:
	info: For more information on the NPC found in the Ancestral...
	behavior_tactics: There's something powerful about this creature's aura, but it doesn't...
	location: Ellina the Chronicler The lands of Hallownest are filled by...
	spell_upgrade: Their knowledge of Soul allows them to craft Charms to...
	weapon_damage: it's not within the skills of us snails to do...
Sharp_Baldur:
	info: Sharp Baldur Hunter's Journal Curled up Health Drops 65 26...
	location: Hardened baldur, bred for battle in the Colosseum of Fools....
	behavior_tactics: Tougher and more aggressive than its wild ancestor. They are...
	journal_entry: Sharp Baldur Hunter's Journal entry: "Hardened baldur, bred for battle...
Mantis_Claw:
	info: Inventory Prompt Mantis Claw Claw carved from bone. Effect Wall...
	behavior_tactics: Allows the wearer to cling to walls and leap off...
	weapon_damage: Taken the Mantis Claw Press JUMP while sliding against a...
	location: Press JUMP to launch diagonally away from the wall. Can...
Poggy_Thorax:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Lifeseed:
	info: Lifeseed Health Drops 1 1 Lifeblood Mask Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Grimmchild and the Weaverlings spawned by Weaversong cannot kill Lifeseeds,...
	location: Unlike Charms that grant Lifeblood Masks ( Lifeblood Heart ,...
	journal_entry: Lifeseed Hunter's Journal entry: "Small scuttling seed filled with Lifeblood"....
Hallownest:
	info: Bear witness to the last and only civilisation, the eternal...
	location: Lore Tablet in King's Pass Hallownest is the location where...
	behavior_tactics: A statue was built on Hallownest's Crown in her image....
	weapon_damage: Now there's nothing left. Your rays touch us. Must've been...
	journal_entry: Wingmould Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest believed that...
Violent_Husk:
	journal_entry: Violent Husk Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 40 15 /...
	info: Maddened by massive infection. The bugs of Hallownest were twisted...
	behavior_tactics: Charges at enemies with no thought for its own preservation....
	weapon_damage: Violent Husks are enemies in Hollow Knight. The explosion deals...
	location: Location Most Wandering Husks in the Forgotten Crossroads become Violent...
Shadow_Creeper:
	info: Shadow Creeper Health Drops 20 2 / 3 Hunter's notes...
	location: Found only in deep, dark places. Has never been observed...
	behavior_tactics: This little creeper is weak and poses no threat, but...
	weapon_damage: It also does not take any knockback from the Nail...
	trivia: Ancient Basin The Abyss Gallery In Ancient Basin In the...
Unn:
	info: The greater mind once dreamed of leaf and cast these...
	location: The Mosskin Unn is an NPC in Hollow Knight who...
	behavior_tactics: Landing next to this pool will cause her to rise...
Map:
	location: Map and Quill Map Prompt Quill Map and Quill Map...
	info: Effects Allows map completion Source Quill sold by Iselda in...
	behavior_tactics: Well, more difficult than he usually does. Cornifer sometimes calls...
	weapon_damage: Which begs the question. ...
	trivia: 15G Trivia In some areas, the map displays the Knight...
Bindings:
	info: Godmaster Content Pantheons are a mechanic added to Godhome. They...
	location: Most bosses, with the exception of the final bosses, need...
	behavior_tactics: False Knight is unlocked if he was skipped by breaking...
	spell_upgrade: Bindings Bindings are optional challenges that can be applied to...
	weapon_damage: The Coiled Nail and Pure Nail both provide the maximum...
	trivia: 50G Trivia When entering or exiting a Pantheon, Masks are...
Fools:
	behavior_tactics: A true fool keeps on fighting, even when there is...
	location: Little Fool The lands of Hallownest are filled by several...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. The Fools are mainly divided into...
	journal_entry: Sturdy Fool Hunter's Journal entry: "Warrior fighting for glory in...
	weapon_damage: Its madness is all its own. ...
Essence:
	info: Inventory Prompt Dream Nail Allows the wielder to cut through...
	weapon_damage: Taken the Dream Nail Hold DREAM NAIL to charge and...
	behavior_tactics: Cut through the veil between dreams and waking. This can...
	location: Another one of the Dream Nail's abilities is to teleport...
	spell_upgrade: After obtaining certain amounts of Essence, the Knight can return...
	journal_entry: Looking into it I can see so many memories peering...
Revek:
	behavior_tactics: Revek Idle Attacking Defeated Gender Male  Backer Revek. Treat...
	location: The bugs within this glade are under my watch. He...
	info: Revek Revek is a spirit in Hollow Knight. He warns...
	weapon_damage: Using the Dream Nail on him. Hitting him with the...
	trivia: Trivia Revek is named after Revek, the Kickstarter backer who...
	spell_upgrade: Due to a coding mistake, if Karina is the only...
Unnamed_NPCs_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: This is a list of NPCs that are do not...
	location: Some have names in the files that are commonly used,...
	behavior_tactics: Upon approaching them, they fall silent. If they are splashed...
	journal_entry: You are very tired. ...
	weapon_damage: Hitting it with the Nail does not grant SOUL, though...
Trivia_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Promotional content Videos and trailers Hollow Knight Teaser Hollow Knight...
	location: s Glade" Representation of the tier-6 Kickstarter reward: "Become a...
Fluke_Larva:
	info: Fluke Larva Large Small Health Drops 1 None. Although not...
	location: Fluke Hermit to Larvae Fluke Larvae are tiny, immobile Flukes...
	behavior_tactics: Like Maskflies, they do not deal contact damage and are...
	trivia: Gallery Fluke Larvae in the tunnel leading to Flukemarm Fluke...
Moths:
	behavior_tactics: They forsook the light that spawned them. While they used...
	location: Turned their backs to it. Seer The lands of Hallownest...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. Godseekers The Moths are an ancient...
	journal_entry: There, the Moths would also record otherworldly words inside the...
	trivia: Don't remember us, Wielder. ...
	weapon_damage: We do not deserve it. ...
Beast%27s_Den:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Fungal Wastes Queen's Gardens Music...
	behavior_tactics: I'd thought to test my strength against them. His efforts...
	weapon_damage: Now that bravado has left me and all I feel...
	info: Description What most identifies Deepnest is its gloomy surroundings. Thick...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Mask Maker Midwife Mister...
	spell_upgrade: Using a Spell on this being causes a seal to...
Tuk:
	info: Tuk Alive Dead Gender Female  Backer Emily Doolan. The...
	location: I just need to find it. It brought you here,...
	behavior_tactics: Lore Tuk is a scavenger who keeps to herself. She...
Monomon_the_Teacher:
	info: Monomon the Teacher Dream Realm Physical body Projection Gender Female....
	behavior_tactics: When the Infection appeared, Monomon took part in the Pale...
	location: Monomon became a Dreamer to seal the entrance to the...
	weapon_damage: Her physical body has disappeared when the Knight wakes up....
	journal_entry: Lurien's journal : "Sleep beckons eternal and these words become...
Winged_Zoteling:
	info: Winged Zoteling Hunter's Journal Without Essence Health Drops 20 (...
	behavior_tactics: Grudgingly assists its master in combat by lazily flying towards...
	trivia: They are flying figments of Bretta's obsessed mind. ...
	location: Dream Nail Dialogue She's so beautiful! She's so talented! She'll...
	journal_entry: Winged Zoteling Hunter's Journal entry: "Figment of an obsessed mind....
Geo_Deposit:
	info: Geo The currency of Hallownest, made from fossilised shells of...
	spell_upgrade: Tolls 1560 for all Stag Stations 800 for all Bench...
	location: Fragile Greed (as well as its unbreakable variant ) increases...
	trivia: Giant Geo deposit at the very bottom of a cave...
Spirits%27_Glade:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: Not any more though. She maintains the graves and guides...
	behavior_tactics: Once Dream Nailing at least one spirit, Revek spawns and...
	spell_upgrade: After which, the Dreamers appear out of Essence and cast...
	trivia: Gallery Dreamer statues Room where Dreamshield can be found East...
Myla:
	info: Myla Idle Infected Health Drops 20 10 Gender Female ...
	location: Down here, I can k-keep working without even sleeping. She...
	behavior_tactics: Eventually, Myla becomes Infected , her cheerful song changing. The...
	spell_upgrade: Once the Vengeful Spirit Spell has been acquired, her dialogue...
	trivia: Dialogue Before being infected Infected Before being infected First encounter...
	weapon_damage: KILL THE EMPTY ONE. KILL THE EMPTY ONE. ...
Sly:
	location: Sly Idle Infected In his shop In his basement Gender...
	info: Sly Great Nailsage Sly All's fair in a world made...
	behavior_tactics: There he takes his original mantle of Great Nailsage and...
	spell_upgrade: This charm grants you more time to recover after taking...
	weapon_damage: Heavy Blow You enjoy smacking about foes with that nail...
	trivia: Oh! What?! Who are you?!. ...
Winged_Fool:
	info: Winged Fool Health Drops 70 None Hunter's notes requirement 25...
	location: Warrior fighting for glory in the Colosseum of Fools. These...
	weapon_damage: Flies just out of an opponent's reach then darts in...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics They hover outside of the Knight's reach,...
	journal_entry: Shielded Fool Hunter's Journal entry: "That 'Colosseum' is a strange...
Moss_Knight:
	info: Moss Knight Hunter's Journal Idle Hidden Health Drops 50 40...
	location: They hide as bush-like mounds and look soft, but beware...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Moss Knights have four attacks: Block: blocks...
	weapon_damage: This projectile can be destroyed by hitting it with the...
	trivia: Locations in Greenpath Gallery Hidden Swing attack Thorn Spit attack...
	journal_entry: Moss Knight Hunter's Journal entry: "Protector of the Greenpath, trained...
Mato:
	info: Nailmaster Mato Gender Male. Mato Brothers Oro & Mato Now...
	weapon_damage: He teaches the Cyclone Slash to whoever is willing to...
	behavior_tactics: Mato also appears as a boss in the Brothers Oro...
	location: He established a hut at the top of the world...
Fast_Travel_(Hollow_Knight):
	location: Fast Travel is the method of travelling directly from one...
	info: As the Knight progresses through the game, they encounter three...
	weapon_damage: It has a strange air of danger to it. ...
	behavior_tactics: No matter how old I grow, the world still keeps...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Locked gate of the Stag Station in Queen's...
The_Godseeker:
	location: Godseeker Godhome Junk Pit Cocoon Gender Female. But! Not in...
	info: This kingdom is blessed with true Gods. True! All around,...
	behavior_tactics: With each fight, they aim to ascend to and commune...
	weapon_damage: Thine battles proves strength enough to impress. So strong! Thine...
	spell_upgrade: Desire beyond desire! Take it then, for We have ascended...
	journal_entry: For what purpose, We can only wonder. 2 Weathered Mask...
	trivia: 50G Trivia Team Cherry have stated that they cannot say...
Lifeblood_Heart:
	info: Lifeblood Heart Contains a living core that seeps precious lifeblood....
	location: It adds 2 Lifeblood Masks when resting at a Bench....
Charm_Lover_Salubra:
	info: Charm Lover Salubra Gender Female  Voice Actor William Pellen....
	weapon_damage: Charm Lover Salubra Salubra is a slug Merchant in Hollow...
	location: Lore Salubra's shop is located above the abandoned village at...
	behavior_tactics: Upon buying her Blessing, a cutscene plays where she leans...
	spell_upgrade: Charms are gorgeous, mystical, one-of-a-kind accessories with a spark of...
	journal_entry: Nothing left to sell Goodness, goodness. ...
	trivia: 15G Trivia Salubra has cut dialogue where she recommends buying...
Furious_Vengefly:
	info: Furious Vengefly Hunter's Journal Idle Corpse Health Drops 40 20...
	location: Behaviour and Tactics Hovers in place. Location Furious Vengeflies can...
	behavior_tactics: Flies towards the Knight in a zig-zag, up and down...
	weapon_damage: A few seconds after being killed, its corpse explodes. The...
	journal_entry: Furious Vengefly Hunter's Journal entry: "Vengefly whose body has been...
Hive:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Kingdom's Edge Music Ambience (Cave Atmosphere Misc....
	location: 3) Main The Hive. Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace...
	behavior_tactics: During Hallownest's reign, the bees sealed up all outside accesses...
The_Radiance:
	journal_entry: Radiance Hunter's Journal Idle First Stagger Second Stagger Theme Radiance...
	info: The plague, the infection, the madness that haunts the corpses...
	trivia: What is the source? I suppose mere mortals like myself...
	location: After the Pale King arrived in Hallownest and expanded the...
	behavior_tactics: The Pale King attempted to stop the Infection by sealing...
	weapon_damage: However, with the Void unified under the Knight's will, ...
	spell_upgrade: Thus, the Knight can begin healing just about as soon...
Elder_Baldur:
	info: Elder Baldur Hunter's Journal Curled up Health Drops 60 50...
	weapon_damage: Bulky and covered in thick plating. Nail Arts also have...
	behavior_tactics: Retracts into itself when attacked. Instead, they curl up and...
	location: The ones guarding Ancestral Mound and the entrance to Greenpath...
Hunter%27s_Journal:
	info: Hunter's Journal Press INVENTORY to open the Menu, then navigate...
	journal_entry: Defeat enemies to add new entries to the journal and...
	location: Location in Greenpath Hunter's Journal entries A total of 168...
	behavior_tactics: Wandering Husk 35 Husk Hornhead 35 Leaping Husk 35 Husk...
	spell_upgrade: Pilflip 20 Hwurmp 20 Bluggsac 5 Dung Defender 1 White...
	trivia: 15G Trivia The Hunter's Journal was first revealed in a...
Combat_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong Combat Enemies Bosses Colosseum of Fools Damage...
	behavior_tactics: Pantheons are also available in Godhome , with each Pantheon...
	location: The Eternal Ordeal , which is an infinite waved enemy...
	spell_upgrade: SOUL is used during combat to perform Spells , or...
	weapon_damage: These powerful attacks have to be charged up but can...
	trivia: Trivia Parrying Oro with Crystal Heart Due to a coding...
Great_Nailsage_Sly:
	journal_entry: Great Nailsage Sly Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme (Phase One)...
	info: Sly Great Nailsage Sly Godmaster Content Legendary sage of the...
	behavior_tactics: "Sagely God of the cunning and bold, Sharpen Our nails...
	location: He sits at the top of the Pantheon of the...
	weapon_damage: The first slash is an overhead, downward slash and the...
	spell_upgrade: The Sharp Shadow Charm increases the distance of the shadow...
	trivia: 10G Trivia In the Nintendo Switch reveal trailer, Sly's arena...
Shardmite:
	info: Shardmite Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 15 2 / 3...
	behavior_tactics: Feeds on crystal dust and uses crystallised spines to protect...
	location: I don't find this creature particularly noteable sic or interesting....
	weapon_damage: It is also possible to Nail-bounce off its spikes by...
	journal_entry: Shardmite Hunter's Journal entry: "Feeds on crystal dust. ...
Soul_Eater:
	info: Soul Eater Forgotten shaman artifact, used to draw SOUL from...
	weapon_damage: Greatly increases the amount of SOUL gained when striking an...
	location: How to Acquire Found in the Resting Grounds. Requires Desolate...
	spell_upgrade: Especially useful when also combined with Soul Catcher as it...
	behavior_tactics: Soul Catcher Soul Eater and Soul Catcher stack additively with...
Flukemarm:
	journal_entry: Flukemarm Hunter's Journal Unprovoked Theme Waterways (Action) Haunted Foes (Main...
	info: Has populated the Waterways with its kind. Its insides double...
	behavior_tactics: Her body is used as a nest for young Flukefeys....
	location: Like her children, she was Infected and made hostile, although...
	weapon_damage: Her defence relies on throwing Flukefeys at her foe. When...
	spell_upgrade: Most offensive tactics require upgrading the Nail enough (at least...
	trivia: 1 Fluke Hermit Dream Nail dialogue: "Mother. ...
Unbreakable_Heart:
	info: Normal Broken Unbreakable Fragile Heart Increases the health of the...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Adds two Masks of health Breaks upon death Can...
	location: It cannot be equipped. One way to make use of...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. ...
	behavior_tactics: Wearing the Defender's Crest Charm causes Leg Eater to lower...
Hunter_Queen_Carmelita:
	info: Hunter Queen Carmelita Gender Female Backer Unknown. Hunter Queen Carmelita...
	behavior_tactics: She appears to be an ant queen, leading the tribe...
	location: In the trailer, she is fought in an auditorium with...
Nosk:
	journal_entry: Nosk Hunter's Journal Idle Theme Nosk Haunted Foes (Main +...
	behavior_tactics: Nosk Winged Nosk Mimics the shape of other creatures to...
	info: In the deepest darkness, there are beasts who wear faces...
	location: It hangs its prey, including Dirtcarvers , a Stalking Devout...
	weapon_damage: When defeated, Infection bursts out of Nosk making it explode....
	spell_upgrade: The Shade Cloak is a very strong upgrade against Nosk,...
Hornet:
	info: Hornet Idle In Beast's Den Gender Female  Voice Actor...
	location: Hornet Hornet Protector Hornet Sentinel Skilled protector of Hallownest's ruins....
	weapon_damage: I thought her prey and pounced at her, but with...
	behavior_tactics: She attempted to fight him but was repelled by the...
	journal_entry: She also expresses regrets that in order to repay her...
	trivia: 30G Trivia Hornet was revealed in one of the Kickstarter...
Shade_Soul:
	info: Inventory Prompt Shade Soul Conjure a shadow that will fly...
	spell_upgrade: Consumed the Shade Soul Tap FOCUS/CAST to unleash a more...
	location: Input CAST Location Soul Sanctum. The Spell is located behind...
	weapon_damage: Using it conjures a shadow that flies forward and damages...
	behavior_tactics: Modifiers Flukenest turns the Shade Soul into a horde of...
	trivia: Location in the City of Tears Trivia There is an...
Additional_Content_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong For a full list of updates released...
Grey_Prince_Zote:
	info: Grey Prince Zote Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Staggered Theme...
	behavior_tactics: Pah! Lowly maggots, not worthy of standing in your glorious...
	location: These Zotelings do not show up until Zote 2 and...
	weapon_damage: Moments later, he slams down, sending two large shockwaves across...
	spell_upgrade: He grants 300 Essence on the first victory and none...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Golden Statue of Grey Prince Zote Each time...
Forgotten_Crossroads:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Dirtmouth Fog...
	info: How to access The well in Dirtmouth The Forgotten Crossroads...
	spell_upgrade: He grants the Vengeful Spirit Spell. ...
	behavior_tactics: After killing all three Dreamers, this seal is broken and...
	trivia: Gallery Entrance from Dirtmouth's well Top of the western platform...
Ancestral_Mound:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Dirtmouth Fog...
	info: How to access The well in Dirtmouth The Forgotten Crossroads...
	spell_upgrade: He grants the Vengeful Spirit Spell. ...
	behavior_tactics: After killing all three Dreamers, this seal is broken and...
	trivia: Gallery Entrance from Dirtmouth's well Top of the western platform...
Mantis_Traitor:
	info: Mantis Traitor Hunter's Journal In-game Health Drops 74 22 /...
	location: I don't really understand what the difference is, or how...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Mantis Traitors have three attacks: Slash: It...
	trivia: Locations in the Queen's Garden Gallery Idle and Slash attack...
	weapon_damage: Prior to the release of Godmaster , the Dream Nail...
Quests_(Hollow_Knight):
Brothers_Oro_%26_Mato:
	info: Nailmasters Oro & Mato Hunter's Journal Idle Theme (Phase One)...
	location: "Gods by toil and nail bound, Brothers sworn to guard...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Phase 1 Nailmaster Oro uses the following...
	weapon_damage: The first slash is a backhand swipe, and the second...
	spell_upgrade: This allows safe healing during any attack except a Dash...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Despite the bad blood of Oro and Mato's...
Aspid_Hunter:
	info: Aspid Hunter Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 15 6 /...
	weapon_damage: Bests its prey by spitting corrosive liquid. Don't give them...
	behavior_tactics: Often hunts in packs. Cunning predators that will try to...
	location: Location Aspid Hunters can be found in the Forgotten Crossroads...
	journal_entry: Aspid Hunter Hunter's Journal entry: "Bests its prey by spitting...
Mask_Maker:
	info: Mask Maker Mask 1 Mask 2 Mask 3 Unmasked Gender...
	location: Not a thing with which we all are blessed. In-game...
	behavior_tactics: Upon entering the room, Mask Maker has a chance of...
Carmelita:
	info: Hunter Queen Carmelita Gender Female Backer Unknown. Hunter Queen Carmelita...
	behavior_tactics: She appears to be an ant queen, leading the tribe...
	location: In the trailer, she is fought in an auditorium with...
Hallownest_Map:
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong Clicking an area will lead to that...
	location: (The following areas are not included in the world map:...
Fluke_Hermit:
	location: Fluke Hermit In room Over Junk Pit Gender Female. She...
	info: Fluke Hermit Fluke Hermit is an NPC in Hollow Knight....
	behavior_tactics: Fluke Hermit has new dialogue when she is visited while...
	trivia: 1 Fluke Hermit: "Gla gla. ...
Crystal_Guardian:
	info: Crystal Guardian Hunter's Journal Idle Unmasked Theme Crystal Peak (Action)...
	location: Crystal Guardian Enraged Guardian Heavyset miner of the Crystal Peak...
	weapon_damage: Can discharge blazing beams of light from its crystalllised sic...
	behavior_tactics: The Enraged Guardian is its second, stronger and faster form....
	journal_entry: Both forms have to be beaten to unlock its Journal...
Hive_Queen_Vespa:
	info: Hive Queen Vespa Spirit Corpse Gender Female. All things must...
	journal_entry: To rail against nature is folly. Exhausted dialogue To rail...
	location: Lore Vespa was the queen of the Hive, a tribe...
Quick_Slash:
	weapon_damage: Quick Slash Born from imperfect, discarded nails that have fused...
	info: Effect Decreases Nail attack cooldown (Total time between attacks) by...
	location: How to Acquire Located in Kingdom's Edge , on a...
	trivia: Trivia When using the Dream Nail on the Ancient Nailsmith...
Husk_Dandy:
	info: Husk Dandy Health Drops 20 9 / 15 Hunter's notes...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Meanders back and forth until engaged. Upon...
	location: My Geo? This wealth. Location Located mainly in the eastern...
	trivia: Locations in the City of Tears Gallery Idle Attacking Love...
	spell_upgrade: We become as one. ...
Caravan:
	info: The name "Caravan" comes from the password used to open...
	location: s luck we need too, for these roads are haunted...
	behavior_tactics: They wish to gather the playful young fleas scattered across...
	trivia: Gallery Trivia The Caravan is one of a series of...
	spell_upgrade: The riddle solved to reveal these characters featured words that...
Silk:
	info: Silk is Hornet's source of energy in Hollow Knight: Silksong...
	behavior_tactics: Grapple : Hornet charges up for one moment, before using...
	weapon_damage: A thread of Silk connected the Needle to Hornet and...
	journal_entry: Though this visually uses Silk, it does not deplete her...
	location: Though this visually does not use Silk, it depletes her...
Mantis_Village:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Deepnest Fog Canyon Forgotten...
	info: ) Main Main - (Main) Bass - (Bass Pizzicato) Main...
	behavior_tactics: The Mantises agreed to a truce where they would retain...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Ambloom Fungling...
	journal_entry: Mantis Lords Hunter's Journal entry: "The Mantis tribe and the...
	weapon_damage: They retain their intellect and their honour, though also their...
Salubra%27s_Blessing:
	info: Salubra's Blessing Ghost Prompt A boon bestowed by Charm Lover...
	location: Use When resting at a Bench , an apparition of...
	trivia: 15G Trivia When obtaining Salubra's Blessing, a distorted version of...
Cut_Content_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: This page contains a list of cut content for Hollow...
	location: Cut Areas Most revealed areas did make it into the...
	weapon_damage: re defeated while it. It would have made the Knight...
	behavior_tactics: Vengeful Swarm "When taking damage, spawn angry hatchlings that attack...
	spell_upgrade: Gifts, so lovely! Aaaahh. From below, our pure Vessel has...
	trivia: What then is this? Only a weak thing. Myusha? Dungo...
	journal_entry: But his are traits that transcend our kind. Death, I...
Weaversong:
	info: Weaversong Silken charm containing a song of farewell, left by...
	behavior_tactics: Summons weaverlings to give the lonely bearer some companionship and...
	spell_upgrade: Amazing things the weavers once crafted on their looms; stories,...
	weapon_damage: Oh! I do apologise. ...
	location: Don't you move now. SOUL can also be collected after...
	trivia: Trivia If the Knight sits on a bench, the summoned...
Grimmchild:
	behavior_tactics: Phase 1 Phase 2 Phase 3 Phase 4 Grimmchild Worn...
	info: The bearer must seek the Grimmkin and collect their flames....
	location: Uncollected flames will appear on the bearer's map. Uncollected flames...
	weapon_damage: Contains a living, scarlet flame. Having three flames and then...
	spell_upgrade: Returning to Grimm after this upgrades the Grimmchild, causing it...
	trivia: Troupe Master Grimm location in Dirtmouth Phases Phase 1 Phase...
	journal_entry: Grimmkin Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Burn the father, feed the...
Wyrms:
	location: This ashen place is grave of Wyrm. One of these...
	info: Once told, it came to die. But what is death...
	weapon_damage: No foresight like those old things. ...
Coiled_Nail:
	info: For the strong attacks taught by the Nailmasters , see...
	location: The Nailsmith in the City of Tears can upgrade the...
	weapon_damage: Its blade is blunt with age and wear. Default weapon...
	behavior_tactics: 4000 + 3 Pale Ore 21 Nail-bouncing By jumping and...
	trivia: Trivia Upgrading the Nail does not change its appearance in...
Overgrown_Village:
	location: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. The Moss Grotto...
	behavior_tactics: After defeating the Moss Mother and ascending, Hornet, when approaching...
Unbreakable_Greed:
	location: Normal Broken Unbreakable Fragile Greed Causes the bearer to find...
	info: This charm is fragile, and will break if its bearer...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Enemies drop 20-100% more Geo  Breaks upon death...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. ...
	behavior_tactics: It increases the amount of Geo that is dropped by...
	trivia: Trivia All extra Geo dropped by Fragile/ Unbreakable Greed has...
Glowing_Womb:
	info: Glowing Womb Drains the SOUL of its bearer and uses...
	behavior_tactics: The hatchlings have no desire to eat or live, and...
	location: The entrance is hidden to the right of the False...
	trivia: Trivia When resting on a Bench , the Hatchlings rest...
	weapon_damage: The Defender's Crest + Glowing Womb clouds deal damage every...
The_Grimm_Troupe:
	info: The Grimm Troupe Update Type Free Content Pack 02 Release...
	behavior_tactics: Light the Nightmare Lantern. re jamming all sorts of crazy...
	location: Hollow Knight: Silksong TBA. ...
Crystal_Crawler:
	info: Crystal Crawler Hunter's Journal Corpse Health Drops 15 8 /...
	weapon_damage: Discharges searing beams of light from the crystals on its...
	behavior_tactics: They are creatures who use crystal lenses to focus beams...
	location: Location They can only be found in Crystal Peak ,...
Bench_(Hollow_Knight):
	location: Hollow Knight Silksong Benches are checkpoints throughout Hallownest that the...
	info: If a Bench has a toll that has not been...
	trivia: Common Bench found all over Hallownest Non-functional broken version of...
	behavior_tactics: Attacking it starts the fight and it is not possible...
Spore_Shroom:
	info: Spore Shroom Composed of living fungal matter. It cannot be...
	location: Scatters spores when exposed to SOUL. Location in the Fungal...
	behavior_tactics: When focusing SOUL, emit a spore cloud that slowly damages...
	weapon_damage: When using Focus , it releases a cloud of damaging...
	spell_upgrade: Also changes the visuals of the cloud. ...
	trivia: Trivia Using Shape of Unn in combination with Baldur Shell...
Mantis_Petra:
	info: Mantis Petra Health Drops 45 12 / 18 None (Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Lurks amongst foliage and attacks by flinging wind-scythes from a...
	weapon_damage: It flings scythes that swoop down in a parabolic arc,...
	location: Location The Mantis Petra are very commonly found in the...
Fog_Canyon:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Greenpath Queen's Gardens...
	info: Description The misty caverns of Fog Canyon are filled with...
	behavior_tactics: In an attempt to stop the Infection , Monomon became...
	journal_entry: Uumuu Hunter's Journal entry: "Intelligent being that guards the inner...
Grohac:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Gravedigger:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Lifeblood_Core:
	info: Lifeblood Core Contains a living core that bleeds precious lifeblood....
	location: It adds 4 Lifeblood Masks when resting at a Bench....
	behavior_tactics: Once Lifeblood Core is picked up, the Knight is immediately...
Sturdy_Fool:
	info: Sturdy Fool Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 80 None Hunter's...
	location: Warrior fighting for glory in the Colosseum of Fools. These...
	weapon_damage: Uses crescent-shaped blades to cut down foes. You can hit...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Sturdy Fools have two attacks: Slash :...
	journal_entry: Sturdy Fool Hunter's Journal entry: "Warrior fighting for glory in...
Resting_Grounds:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads...
	info: 3) Ambience 2 - (Cave Noises) Ambience 3 - (Cave...
	weapon_damage: Not any more though. She maintains the graves and guides...
	behavior_tactics: Once Dream Nailing at least one spirit, Revek spawns and...
	spell_upgrade: After which, the Dreamers appear out of Essence and cast...
	trivia: Gallery Dreamer statues Room where Dreamshield can be found East...
Shape_of_Unn:
	info: Shape of Unn Reveals the form of Unn within the...
	spell_upgrade: While focusing SOUL, the bearer will take on a new...
	behavior_tactics: Effect Allows moving while focusing, and reduces hitbox height. Since...
	trivia: Trivia The Knight does not change shape when using Focus...
Wayner:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Lord_Fool:
	info: Lord Fool Gender Unknown. Little Fool Lord Fool was a...
	behavior_tactics: Lord Fool, give me another chance. I'll prove my strength...
	location: While they appear to be long dead as of the...
	trivia: Trivia Lord Fool can also be seen in the Fool...
Ghosts:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Howling_Wraiths:
	info: Inventory Prompt Howling Wraiths Blast foes with screaming SOUL. The...
	behavior_tactics: Consumed the Howling Wraiths Tap FOCUS/CAST while holding UP to...
	weapon_damage: Replenish SOUL by striking enemies. Using it releases a blast...
	location: Input UP + CAST Location Overgrown Mound. Charm Damage Per...
	spell_upgrade: Can be upgraded to Abyss Shriek. ...
	trivia: Howling Wraiths Location Trivia This Spell is found near the...
Millibelle:
	info: Millibelle the Banker Idle Pleasure House Gender Female. Losing one's...
	location: Lore Despite the lack of activity in Hallownest, Millibelle opened...
	behavior_tactics: However, behind her kind and polite facade, Millibelle is a...
	weapon_damage: Here she can be hit with the Nail and bounced...
Pantheon_of_the_Sage:
	info: Godmaster Content Seek the God of Wealth and Power The...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Defeating Grey Prince Zote and the God Tamer...
	location: Grey Prince Zote only appears during the Pantheon after beating...
	journal_entry: Defeating Zotelings during this Pantheon does not unlock their Journal...
Uumuu:
	info: Uumuu Hunter's Journal Vulnerable Theme Decisive Battle Gods And Glory...
	location: Intelligent being that guards the inner chamber of the Teacher's...
	weapon_damage: During the fight, Quirrel intervenes to strike Uumuu with his...
	behavior_tactics: Instead, Uumuu summons Oomas to help it, but they can...
	trivia: Teacher's Archives Gallery Chase attack Burst attack Summon attack in...
	journal_entry: 1 Uumuu Hunter's Journal entry: "Intelligent being that guards the...
The_Bees:
	location: Though this hive exists within Hallownest, we play no part...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. Soldiers and Guardians defend the Hive...
	behavior_tactics: These airborne warriors possess a hive mind which dictates their...
	journal_entry: Hiveling Hunter's Journal entry: "Carries out simple tasks. Husk Hive...
Tuner_Memory:
	location: Marked Unmarked Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Connection Royal Waterways (via...
	info: Description Godhome's architecture generally consists of gold-coloured pillars and archways....
	behavior_tactics: The first three Pantheons The upper part of Godhome's atrium...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters The Godseeker Tiso Zote...
Fragile_Heart:
	info: Normal Broken Unbreakable Fragile Heart Increases the health of the...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Adds two Masks of health Breaks upon death Can...
	location: It cannot be equipped. One way to make use of...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. ...
	behavior_tactics: Wearing the Defender's Crest Charm causes Leg Eater to lower...
Geo:
	info: Geo The currency of Hallownest, made from fossilised shells of...
	spell_upgrade: Tolls 1560 for all Stag Stations 800 for all Bench...
	location: Fragile Greed (as well as its unbreakable variant ) increases...
	trivia: Giant Geo deposit at the very bottom of a cave...
Hollow_Knight_Kickstarter:
	info: The Hollow Knight Kickstarter campaign was a crowd-funding project that...
	location: In this month, a total of $58,893 AUD was raised...
	behavior_tactics: 35 AU$ 200 or more: Appear in-game as a warrior-spirit...
	weapon_damage: Their nail would be weak, dashes could fail, and after...
Dash_Slash:
	weapon_damage: Inventory Prompt Dash Slash The signature Nail Art of Nailmaster...
	behavior_tactics: Strike ahead quickly after dashing forward. Release the button while...
	info: Cyclone Slash Dash Slash Great Slash Dash Slash is the...
The_Fools:
	behavior_tactics: A true fool keeps on fighting, even when there is...
	location: Little Fool The lands of Hallownest are filled by several...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. The Fools are mainly divided into...
	journal_entry: Sturdy Fool Hunter's Journal entry: "Warrior fighting for glory in...
	weapon_damage: Its madness is all its own. ...
The_Abyss:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Music Ambience Abyss Main Temple...
	location: Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace Far down below us,...
	behavior_tactics: This lighthouse can be activated to calm down the Void...
	trivia: " Gallery Platform at the entrance to the Abyss Centre...
Druid_of_the_Moss_Temple:
	location: Druid of the Moss Temple Location Overgrown Village ( Moss...
	info: The Druid of the Moss Temple is an upcoming NPC...
	trivia: The name of their Quest is "Mossberry Brew" and has...
Grey_Mourner:
	info: Grey Mourner Gender Female  Backer Felyndiira. For more information...
	location: She is not originally from Hallownest, being native to an...
	behavior_tactics: Reaching her requires Desolate Dive or Descending Dark. Listening after...
	weapon_damage: This cruel, sinful world. Such suffering for che'. Che' wouldn't...
	trivia: 5G Trivia The full name of the Kickstarter backer who...
Heavy_Zoteling:
	info: Zote the Mighty Grey Prince Zote The Eternal Ordeal Godmaster...
	location: Zote The Eternal Ordeal is a secret challenge which can...
	behavior_tactics: Zote begins to sing along with the music as waves...
	weapon_damage: No Zotelings other than the initial Zoteling the Mighty, Winged...
	journal_entry: Killing Zote at the beginning of the Eternal Ordeal unlocks...
Uoma:
	info: Uoma Health Drops 1 None Hunter's notes requirement 20 kills....
	weapon_damage: Passive and unaware, but pulsing with a dangerous electric charge....
	trivia: The spirit of a dead ancestor? The brain of a...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Floats passively in place, dealing damage if...
	location: Location They are located in almost every room in Fog...
Void_Tendrils:
	info: Void Tendrils Health Drops - None Hunter's notes requirement Entry....
	weapon_damage: Fragments of void taking the shape of sharp, thrashing tendrils....
	behavior_tactics: What strange fancies they had. They are fragments of Void...
	location: Location They are only found in the Abyss , in...
	trivia: The ones in the sea of Void no longer appear...
Nightmare_Lantern:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Greenpath Music Ambience Ambience 1 -...
	location: Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace Enjoying the bracing air?...
	behavior_tactics: The ones who chose to leave the kingdom lost their...
	trivia: 15G Gallery Connection to King's Pass and intro cutscene location...
Salubra:
	info: Charm Lover Salubra Gender Female  Voice Actor William Pellen....
	weapon_damage: Charm Lover Salubra Salubra is a slug Merchant in Hollow...
	location: Lore Salubra's shop is located above the abandoned village at...
	behavior_tactics: Upon buying her Blessing, a cutscene plays where she leans...
	spell_upgrade: Charms are gorgeous, mystical, one-of-a-kind accessories with a spark of...
	journal_entry: Nothing left to sell Goodness, goodness. ...
	trivia: 15G Trivia Salubra has cut dialogue where she recommends buying...
Markoth:
	journal_entry: Markoth Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Theme Dream Battle Haunted...
	info: Lingering dream of a fallen warrior. Markoth Markoth is a...
	weapon_damage: Only member of his forgotten tribe to take up a...
	location: May your efforts lead you somewhere worthy. He went to...
	behavior_tactics: Markoth fought any who would threaten him, regardless of their...
	trivia: Markoth Location Gallery Nail Barrage attack Markoth near his corpse...
Pantheon_of_the_Master:
	info: Godmaster Content Seek the Gods of Nail and Shell The...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Defeating or encountering Vengefly King is not necessary...
	location: False Knight is unlocked if he was skipped by breaking...
Elegant_Key:
	info: Elegant Key Ornate key made from a glistening white metal....
	location: Use Opens the locked door that holds the Shade Soul...
Charm_Notch:
	spell_upgrade: Charms are gorgeous, mystical, one-of-a-kind accessories with a spark of...
	info: Just wearing one is enough to change your life! You'll...
	location: Charms use Notches when equipped and can only be equipped...
	behavior_tactics: Picking up a Charm Notch fully restores the Knight's health....
	weapon_damage: Increases the amount of SOUL gained when striking an enemy...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. This charm is unbreakable. This charm...
Ancient_Basin:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection The Abyss City of Tears Deepnest Kingdom's...
	info: White Palace Did you know the caverns continue even below...
Dirtmouth:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Crystal Peak Forgotten Crossroads Howling Cliffs Music...
	info: Bretta and Sly , two of the missing residents, return...
	behavior_tactics: Iselda opens a map shop next to the station when...
	weapon_damage: I can't complain mind you. ...
The_Collector:
	info: The Collector Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Distorted Decisive Battle...
	location: Dark figure locked inside the Tower of Love. The Collector...
	behavior_tactics: A shadow that sometimes flits through the caverns, making strange...
	trivia: I've never seen it clearly so I have no idea...
	weapon_damage: Then its body falls to the floor and collapses: dissolving...
	journal_entry: 1 Collector Hunter's Journal entry: "Preserves Hallownest's creatures in glass...
	spell_upgrade: We become as one. ...
Grubsong:
	info: Grubsong Contains the gratitude of freed grubs. Effect Gain 15...
	behavior_tactics: Gain SOUL when taking damage. ...
	spell_upgrade: It causes the Knight to gain 15 SOUL when taking...
	location: It also shines in difficult platforming areas where enemies are...
	trivia: Trivia The amount of Mask damage taken in one hit...
Gorb:
	info: Gorb Hunter's Journal Without Essence Theme Dream Battle Gods And...
	behavior_tactics: They goaded others to revere their mind and ascend with...
	location: Their remains were buried on a hill atop the Howling...
	weapon_damage: The spears travel through the environment and deal contact damage....
	journal_entry: Gorb Hunter's Journal entry: "A mysterious life-form that claimed to...
Aspid_Hatchling:
	info: Aspid Hatchling Health Drops 5 None Hunter's notes requirement 30...
	behavior_tactics: Recently birthed, these young aspid instinctively swarm around intruders. These...
	weapon_damage: Just don't let them overwhelm you with numbers. ...
	location: Location Located in the Forgotten Crossroads , anywhere that an...
	journal_entry: Aspid Hatchling Hunter's Journal entry: "Recently birthed, these young aspid...
Godtuner:
	info: Inventory Prompt Godtuner Unlit Lit Device that resonates with beings...
	weapon_damage: Glows bright upon defeating mighty foes. ...
	spell_upgrade: Through their strength, ascend. ...
	location: The circle in the very centre of the Godtuner, when...
Cornifer:
	info: Cornifer Idle Asleep Gender Male  Voice Actor David Kazi...
	location: I'm a cartographer by trade, and I'm working on mapping...
	behavior_tactics: Getting lost and finding your way again is a pleasure...
	weapon_damage: Awful sharp they are and all over the place. gross,...
	trivia: 15G Trivia Sketch of Cornifer's initial design Cornifer was designed...
Garmond_and_Zaza:
	location: Garmond and Zaza Location TBA Gender Male (Garmond)  Unknown...
	info: Garmond may be the chattier of the two, but Zaza...
Hallownest%27s_Crown:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Forgotten Crossroads Resting Grounds Music Ambience...
	info: White Palace There is some strange power hidden in the...
	weapon_damage: They gleam and glow in the darkness, a bright point...
	behavior_tactics: They sing too, if you listen. The glyphs are written...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Baldur Crystal...
	journal_entry: Glimback Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest used to...
Steel_Soul_Jinn:
	info: Steel Soul Jinn Idle Asleep Gender Female. Too young, its...
	trivia: cannot tell of self. It is blank, but brave. cannot...
	location: Lore Jinn resides in the locked cavern by the base...
	behavior_tactics: She has unseen masters who do not seek order. Her...
	weapon_damage: It refuses to trade. Makes Jinn feel a thing. ...
	spell_upgrade: until a gift comes. ...
The_Grimm_Troupe_(Quest):
	info: Grimm Troupe's Quest Description Gather flames for the Grimmchild ,...
	behavior_tactics: Grand Performance Ritual or Banishment (Mutually exclusive). The two endings...
	location: Quest Outline Summoning The Grimm Troupe In order to start...
	spell_upgrade: The first Grimmkin fought are the Novices , and once...
	weapon_damage: One of those four flames is carried by Brumm in...
Fungal_Wastes:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Deepnest Fog Canyon Forgotten...
	info: ) Main Main - (Main) Bass - (Bass Pizzicato) Main...
	behavior_tactics: The Mantises agreed to a truce where they would retain...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Ambloom Fungling...
	journal_entry: Mantis Lords Hunter's Journal entry: "The Mantis tribe and the...
	weapon_damage: They retain their intellect and their honour, though also their...
The_Pale_King:
	info: The Pale King Alive Dead Gender Male. No cost too...
	location: Once there, the Wyrm shed its shell and transformed into...
	behavior_tactics: He reduced his form in order to match the bugs...
	journal_entry: Wingmould Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest believed that...
	weapon_damage: No foresight like those old things. Must've been an impressive...
Tiktik:
	info: Tiktik Health Drops 8 2 / 3 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Uses its small, sharp claws to climb along walls and...
	location: Spends its time tap-tap-tapping its way through the roads and...
	weapon_damage: Striking a Tiktik will stun it in place for half...
Collector:
	info: The Collector Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Distorted Decisive Battle...
	location: Dark figure locked inside the Tower of Love. The Collector...
	behavior_tactics: A shadow that sometimes flits through the caverns, making strange...
	trivia: I've never seen it clearly so I have no idea...
	weapon_damage: Then its body falls to the floor and collapses: dissolving...
	journal_entry: 1 Collector Hunter's Journal entry: "Preserves Hallownest's creatures in glass...
	spell_upgrade: We become as one. ...
The_Nightmare%27s_Heart:
	info: The Nightmare's Heart Eyes open Eyes closed Gender Unknown. The...
	journal_entry: Grimmkin Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Burn the father, feed the...
Grimm:
	journal_entry: Grimm Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Sleeping Theme The Grimm Troupe...
	info: Troupe Master Grimm Nightmare King Grimm The Grimm Troupe Content...
	location: In truth, Grimm and his Troupe travel from the Nightmare...
	behavior_tactics: They gather Nightmare Flames from ruined lands to fuel the...
	weapon_damage: This Fire Bat cannot be interrupted. At the apex of...
	spell_upgrade: Let your fire burn even brighter! Beautiful, yes. ...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Grimm always bows to the Knight before the...
Royal_Retainer:
	info: Royal Retainer Hunter's Journal Alt Version Health Drops 5 None...
	behavior_tactics: Simple, weak creatures find strength by forming a hive and...
	location: They can still be found in the White Palace in...
	weapon_damage: They deal no damage on contact. ...
	trivia: Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Gallery Idle in the White Palace...
	journal_entry: Royal Retainer Hunter's Journal entry: "The most loyal and devout...
Colosseum_of_Fools:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Kingdom's Edge Music Ambience Ambience 1 -...
	location: 3) Main Colosseum Intensity 1-6 Action City of Tears (Action)....
	weapon_damage: Sounds of battle and cheering from the crowd can be...
	behavior_tactics: Despite the contestants being Infected, the crowd still cheers and...
	spell_upgrade: Requires 100 to unlock. ...
	trivia: Gallery Lobby where trials can be selected Warrior's Pit containing...
	journal_entry: Sharp Baldur Hunter's Journal entry: "Hardened baldur, bred for battle...
God_Tamer:
	info: God Tamer Hunter's Journal Beast Tamer Theme Colosseum Intensity 6...
	weapon_damage: Veteran warrior of the Colosseum of Fools. Upon defeat, the...
	behavior_tactics: Fights by the side of creatures she has trained. Some...
	location: She sits at the top of the Trial of the...
	trivia: 20G Trivia Original concept art of God Tamer God Tamer...
	journal_entry: 2 God Tamer Hunter's Journal entry: "Veteran warrior of the...
Belfly:
	info: Belfly Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 5 None Hunter's notes...
	behavior_tactics: Will give its own life to protect its territory. A...
	weapon_damage: An angry creature with no regard for its own life....
	location: Listen carefully for this sound as it is usually found...
	trivia: City of Tears Royal Waterways Kingdom's Edge Ancient Basin Resting...
	journal_entry: Belfly Hunter's Journal entry: "An angry creature with no regard...
Zote_the_Mighty:
	location: Zote the Mighty Hunter's Journal Idle In Greenpath In Deepnest...
	info: Zote the Mighty Grey Prince Zote The Eternal Ordeal A...
	weapon_damage: Unfortunately, because it is made of shellwood, it cannot deal...
	behavior_tactics: He regards the Knight as beneath him and accuses them...
	journal_entry: He keeps talking about dreams, too. A promise to myself....
	spell_upgrade: Or celebrating for that matter. Dreams are dangerous things. ...
Grimm_Troupe:
	info: The Grimm Troupe Update Type Free Content Pack 02 Release...
	behavior_tactics: Light the Nightmare Lantern. re jamming all sorts of crazy...
	location: Hollow Knight: Silksong TBA. ...
Slobbering_Husk:
	info: Slobbering Husk Hunter's Journal Idle Corpse Health Drops 30 17...
	location: The infection that swept through Hallownest so long ago. Location...
	behavior_tactics: Slobbering Husks are enemies in Hollow Knight. Behaviour and Tactics...
	journal_entry: Slobbering Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "The body of a bug,...
Hollow_Knight_Beta:
	info: Hollow Knight Beta Release Date September, 2015 ( Kickstarter backers...
	location: Area differences The beta only contains King's Pass , Dirtmouth...
	behavior_tactics: Brooding Mawlek has a different explosion sound when killed and...
	weapon_damage: Oh, don't thank me. Perhaps dreams aren't such great things...
	spell_upgrade: Rest assured the final product will be of a much...
	trivia: ? I c-can't remember the rest of that one, ha...
	journal_entry: For so long I'd heard the tales of this strange,...
Awoken_Dream_Nail:
	info: Inventory Prompt Dream Nail Allows the wielder to cut through...
	weapon_damage: Taken the Dream Nail Hold DREAM NAIL to charge and...
	behavior_tactics: Cut through the veil between dreams and waking. This can...
	location: Another one of the Dream Nail's abilities is to teleport...
	spell_upgrade: After obtaining certain amounts of Essence, the Knight can return...
	journal_entry: Looking into it I can see so many memories peering...
Delicate_Flower:
	info: Whole Ruined Delicate Flower Given to you by the Grey...
	location: She has asked you to place it at the grave...
	weapon_damage: It has been destroyed and is now worthless as an...
	behavior_tactics: When a flower comes in contact with Void , it...
The_Grimm_Troupe_(Lore):
	info: For the content pack released on 26 October, 2017, see...
	location: 'The Grimm Troupe' The lands of Hallownest are filled by...
	behavior_tactics: Grimm also indulges them in a fiery fight for an...
	journal_entry: Troupe Master Grimm Hunter's Journal entry: "Through dream I travel,...
Forge-Daughter:
	location: Forge-Daughter Location Deep Docks Gender Female. She is a hulking...
	info: Forge-Daughter is an NPC who appears in Hollow Knight: Silksong....
	trivia: Their purpose is also unknown. Trivia Hitting Ballow makes Forge-Daughter...
Shade:
	info: Shade Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops Nail Damage x (rounded...
	behavior_tactics: Defeat it to retake its power and become whole. Behaviour...
	location: Each of us leaves an imprint of something when we...
	weapon_damage: A stain on the world. Hitting the Shade with the...
	spell_upgrade: As the Knight gains Spells, the Shade gains the same...
Shrumal_Warrior:
	info: Shrumal Warrior Hunter's Journal Ball Mushroom form Health Drops 20...
	behavior_tactics: Fungal creature that attacks intruders to protect its young. Something...
	location: Location They can only be found in the Fungal Wastes...
Shrumal_Ogre:
	info: Shrumal Ogre Hunter's Journal Mushroom form Health Drops 80 45...
	weapon_damage: Attacks by spitting corrosive venom and slamming its body into...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Thrash : Briefly winds up then smashes...
	location: Location There are six of them throughout the game: Two...
Lumafly_Lantern:
	info: Lumafly Lantern Crystal lantern containing a Lumafly. Brightens dark caverns...
	location: Use In dark areas, the Lumafly Lantern brightens up the...
Husk_Hornhead:
	info: Husk Hornhead Health Drops 15 4 / 5 Hunter's notes...
	behavior_tactics: The remains of a bug, animated by a strange force....
	weapon_damage: Overly proud of their long horns! I enjoy snapping them...
	location: I'll kill you! Location They can be found in large...
Teacher%27s_Archives:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Greenpath Queen's Gardens...
	info: Description The misty caverns of Fog Canyon are filled with...
	behavior_tactics: In an attempt to stop the Infection , Monomon became...
	journal_entry: Uumuu Hunter's Journal entry: "Intelligent being that guards the inner...
The_Citadel:
	location: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. The Citadel is...
	info: 1 Hollow Knight: Silksong Steam page. Hollow Knight: Silksong official...
Paintmaster_Sheo:
	journal_entry: Paintmaster Sheo Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Theme Gods & Glory...
	info: Sheo Paintmaster Sheo Godmaster Content Skilled and respected master of...
	location: He sits at the top of the Pantheon of the...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics During his battle, Paintmaster Sheo uses the...
	weapon_damage: Unlike Oro and Mato , he does not use a...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Sheo loses all paint stains on his apron...
Brumm:
	location: Brumm In Grimm's Tent In Distant Village Gender Male ...
	info: The Grimm Troupe Content Mrmm. Brumm Brumm is an NPC...
	spell_upgrade: A song that never ends. A song that never ends....
	trivia: is no song at all. is no song at all....
	behavior_tactics: Although he initially encourages the Knight to search for flames...
	weapon_damage: it profanes this dark, quiet Kingdom. it profanes this dark,...
Hopper:
	info: Hopper Hunter's Journal In-game Health Drops 50 16 / 23...
	behavior_tactics: Leaps at prey and uses its sharp proboscis to drain...
	weapon_damage: It only deals contact damage. ...
	location: Location They can be found in most of Kingdom's Edge...
	journal_entry: Hopper Hunter's Journal entry: "Leaps at prey and uses its...
Enemies_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong This is a complete list of all...
	location: The caverns of Hallownest boast a vast array of bizarre...
Vengefly_King:
	info: Vengefly King Hunter's Journal Attacking Zote Theme Greenpath (Action) Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Swoops at intruders and cries out for reinforcements if threatened....
	journal_entry: Unlocking its Journal entry requires defeating 2 Vengefly Kings. ...
	location: In-game events Vengefly Kings are the territorial patriarchs of Vengeflies...
	weapon_damage: Upon defeat, the Infection bursts out of it and makes...
	trivia: 5G Trivia If Zote is not rescued, then the Vengefly...
Dr_Chagax:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Oblobbles:
	info: Oblobble Theme (Phase One) Colosseum Intensity 4 (Phase Two) Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Pairs with a mate for life and will never leave...
	location: They sit at the top of the Trial of the...
	weapon_damage: Each set of four shots are evenly spaced 90 degrees...
	spell_upgrade: Spells are very useful for distributing damage. ...
To-Do:
	info: Welcome, future wiki contributor! Please make sure you also familiarise...
	behavior_tactics: Instead of arguing, Encourage civilised discussions. hitting zote's shell for...
	location: Additional Content Review = double check content is correct Enemies...
	weapon_damage: Example: Hitting Zote's shell grants the Neglect achievement. ...
Baldur:
	info: Baldur Hunter's Journal Curled up Health Drops 15 4 /...
	behavior_tactics: Rolls into a ball and propels itself at intruders who...
	location: A stronger variant called the Sharp Baldur is bred to...
	weapon_damage: Alternatively, using the Quick Slash or Heavy Blow Charm allow...
	journal_entry: Sharp Baldur Hunter's Journal entry: "Hardened baldur, bred for battle...
Lesser_Mawlek:
	journal_entry: Lesser Mawlek Hunter's Journal Unprovoked Health Drops 60 18 /...
	weapon_damage: Attacks by spitting acid and slashing with foreclaws. If you...
	behavior_tactics: Move in quickly and strike decisively. They are fast-moving creatures...
	info: Lesser Mawleks are enemies in Hollow Knight. Wanderer's Journal ,...
	location: Location They can be found in the Ancient Basin ,...
SOUL:
	info: Soul is an arcane force that is generated from bugs...
	spell_upgrade: When put to use it can be twisted into Spells...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight uses the same method the Scholars did for...
	weapon_damage: Acquiring SOUL There are several ways to acquire SOUL throughout...
	location: Soul Totems Soul Totems are structures found throughout Hallownest. It...
	trivia: Trivia Team Cherry was inspired by Bloodborne's healing system for...
	journal_entry: Soul Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Hoarded soul hoping to stave...
Dream_Wielder:
	info: Dream Wielder Transient charm created for those who wield the...
	spell_upgrade: Allows the bearer to charge the Dream Nail faster and...
	behavior_tactics: It reduces the time needed to attack with the Dream...
	location: Seer location in the Resting Grounds Charm Synergies Dreamshield When...
	weapon_damage: 1 Without any Charms, using the Dream Nail takes ~1....
Caelif_%26_Fera_Orthop:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Mr._Mushroom:
	info: Mister Mushroom Idle Flying Gender Male Voice Actor William Pellen....
	weapon_damage: Caps and shells may fall to dust, But Mr Mushroom...
	location: His babbles can be heard from a distance, guiding the...
	behavior_tactics: Throughout his dialogue, it is apparent that Mister Mushroom does...
	trivia: Hmm? No, not him. 15G Trivia Mister Mushroom is one...
	journal_entry: Tis a long road we tread, but a joyous one....
Collector%27s_Map:
	location: Taken the Collector's Map Hold QUICK MAP to view a...
	info: The Collector's Map is an Item in Hollow Knight. ...
Soul_Sanctum:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Kingdom's Edge Resting...
	info: There must be a lot of water up there somewhere....
	trivia: Its original name was lost to history. ...
	behavior_tactics: The members of Hallownest's high society were the ones who...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
	weapon_damage: Not a lot was sent back the other way though....
Gulka:
	info: Gulka Health Drops 10 6 / 8 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Aggressive plant-life that retracts protectively when danger is near. Spits...
	location: Its leaves are dry and bland. When approached, it retracts...
	spell_upgrade: Exquisite! If you have the time to spare, try drinking...
	trivia: Locations in Greenpath Gallery Hidden Attacking Trivia If the projectile...
	journal_entry: 1 Gulka Hunter's Journal entry: "Spits hard spikey balls when...
	weapon_damage: " "The venom in those balls it spits. ...
Hotspring:
	location: Hot Springs are pools of steamy water found in various...
	info: While standing in one, the Knight regenerates 50 SOUL per...
	behavior_tactics: Upon approaching them, they fall silent. If they are splashed...
Ellina_the_Chronicler:
	info: Ellina the Chronicler Gender Female. Ellina is an expanded universe...
	location: Ellina's character beyond her time spent in Hallownest is not...
	journal_entry: ve happened upon my journal. Ellina's story and adventure canonically...
Gruzzer:
	info: Gruzzer Health Drops 8 2 / 3 None (Spawned by...
	location: They only seem dimly aware of their surroundings, making them...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Flies around, bumping into walls and objects,...
	trivia: Locations in the Forgotten Crossroads Locations in the Infected Crossroads...
Mawlurk:
	info: Mawlurk Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 135 25 / 32...
	behavior_tactics: Wildly spits venom when intruders pass by. They are overgrown...
	location: Behaviour and Tactics Remains stationary, taking no knockback. For Mawlurks...
	weapon_damage: It spits large amounts of venom in a wide spray....
Flukes:
	info: Has populated the Waterways with its kind. Table of Contents...
	journal_entry: Flukemarm Journal entry The lands of Hallownest are filled by...
	location: They occupy various territories around the vast kingdom and developed...
	behavior_tactics: Like other Infected creatures, they display violent behaviour towards intruders...
Sprintmaster:
	info: Sprintmaster Bears the likeness of a strange bug known only...
	behavior_tactics: Increases the running speed of the bearer, allowing them to...
	location: Location of Sly in Dirtmouth Charm Synergies Dashmaster Further increases...
Soul_Catcher:
	info: Soul Catcher Used by shamans to draw more SOUL from...
	weapon_damage: Increases the amount of SOUL gained when striking an enemy...
	location: How to Acquire Found at the very end of the...
	behavior_tactics: Soul Eater Soul Eater and Soul Catcher stack additively with...
	spell_upgrade: Quick Focus Combining with Quick Focus allows for more frequent,...
Leg_Eater:
	info: Leg Eater Gender Male  Voice Actor William Pellen. Leg...
	location: If you have enough Geo, you become a king. When...
	behavior_tactics: He is a reserved bug who reacts with anger at...
	weapon_damage: they're shiny and dangerous and lovely. Eaaauuurrgggh!! Eaauurggh! Those charms....
	journal_entry: Very nice! That smell. that smell! So so much! I...
	trivia: Gallery Leg Eater's shop and bench Leg Eater's claws in...
Hollow_Knight:
	info: Hollow Knight Hunter's Journal Idle Staggered Chained up Young Theme...
	location: The old King of Hallownest. The Radiance was sealed within...
	behavior_tactics: The sacrifices he imposed on others. By killing the Hollow...
	weapon_damage: At the end of this fight, the Hollow Knight's Shade...
	spell_upgrade: In Phase 2 of the fight, the Hollow Knight gains...
	trivia: 30G Trivia Even though their Shade has two arms, the...
	journal_entry: Violent Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest were...
Durandoo:
	info: Durandoo Health Drops 30 6 / 8 Hunter's notes requirement...
	location: Often found wading in shallow pools of acidic water. Location...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Slowly swims back and forth passively in...
	trivia: Locations in Greenpath Location in the Queen's Garden Gallery In...
	journal_entry: Durandoo Hunter's Journal entry: "Often found wading in shallow pools...
Blackwyrm:
	location: This ashen place is grave of Wyrm. One of these...
	info: Once told, it came to die. But what is death...
	weapon_damage: No foresight like those old things. ...
Moth_Tribe:
	behavior_tactics: They forsook the light that spawned them. While they used...
	location: Turned their backs to it. Seer The lands of Hallownest...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. Godseekers The Moths are an ancient...
	journal_entry: There, the Moths would also record otherworldly words inside the...
	trivia: Don't remember us, Wielder. ...
	weapon_damage: We do not deserve it. ...
Lemm:
	info: Relic Seeker Lemm In shop By fountain Gender Male ...
	location: Others come just to claw away at the cracks and...
	behavior_tactics: After the Knight has defeated any one of the three...
	trivia: The King and his Knights are long gone, but the...
	spell_upgrade: Exhausted dialogue We've talked enough I think. ...
	weapon_damage: Read together they paint a morbid tale. Must've been an...
Shielded_Fool:
	journal_entry: Shielded Fool Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 65 None Hunter's...
	location: Warrior fighting for glory in the Colosseum of Fools. That...
	behavior_tactics: Warily approaches opponents with shell held high. Behaviour and Tactics...
	spell_upgrade: I don't understand such obscure rituals. ...
	info: Shielded Fools are enemies in Hollow Knight. Using the Dream...
	weapon_damage: Occasionally they lunge and slash a second time. I was...
Boofly:
	info: Boofly Health Drops 40 8 / 10 Hunter's notes requirement...
	location: Large, docile creature that peacefully buzzes around in the caverns...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Floats passively and does not retaliate when...
Nailmasters:
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong For a list of interactable Spirits around...
	location: Nailmaster Mato Nailmaster Oro Nailmaster Sheo Wanderers NPCs that are...
Bluggsac:
	info: Bluggsac Health Drops 20 Rancid Egg Hunter's notes requirement 5...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Passive and stationary, it does not retaliate...
	location: Location They can be found scattered throughout Hallownest , with...
	trivia: 1 in Blue Lake 2 in Crystal Peak 2 in...
Oro:
	info: Nailmaster Oro Gender Male. Oro Brothers Oro & Mato It...
	behavior_tactics: Oro also appears as a boss as part of the...
	weapon_damage: Of the three disciples, he was not the most skilled,...
	location: After a falling out among the Nailmasters, he chose to...
	journal_entry: I do not begrudge you his love. This can make...
Massive_Moss_Charger:
	journal_entry: Massive Moss Charger Hunter's Journal Without Moss Theme Greenpath (action)...
	behavior_tactics: Family of creatures that have learnt to bulk up with...
	info: There is strength in numbers, yes, but these creatures never...
	location: It lies off the Pilgrim's Way in Greenpath. In-game events...
	weapon_damage: Fighting the Massive Moss Charger is not necessary to progress...
Overgrown_Mound:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Greenpath Queen's Gardens...
	info: Description The misty caverns of Fog Canyon are filled with...
	behavior_tactics: In an attempt to stop the Infection , Monomon became...
	journal_entry: Uumuu Hunter's Journal entry: "Intelligent being that guards the inner...
Voidheart_Edition:
	info: Voidheart Edition Update Type Major Update Release Date September 26th,...
	behavior_tactics: 2 (PC and Nintendo Switch) 1. This update brought balancing...
	location: Hollow Knight: Silksong TBA. ...
Main_Page:
	location: Hollow Knight Forge your own path in Hollow Knight! An...
	behavior_tactics: Explore twisting caverns, battle tainted creatures and befriend bizarre bugs,...
	info: Silksong Discover a vast, haunted kingdom in Hollow Knight: Silksong!...
	trivia: Read more > Categories Hollow Knight Game Info Achievements Cut...
Garro:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Crystal_Hunter:
	info: Crystal Hunter Health Drops 25 7 / 13 Hunter's notes...
	weapon_damage: Fires shards of fast-growing crystal at intruders. ...
	location: Make their homes all the way up at the top...
	behavior_tactics: Do they use the crystals willingly as weapons or are...
	trivia: Locations in Crystal Peak Gallery Shooting a crystal Clusters of...
Unnamed_Moth:
	info: Unnamed Moth Gender Unknown. You who pry into even the...
	location: This NPC has no proper name stated anywhere and only...
	spell_upgrade: Recorded within this shrine are utterings from another world. Recorded...
	behavior_tactics: Once all the tablets are destroyed Unnamed Moth has different...
	journal_entry: But if they did not believe. ...
	weapon_damage: They are only shallows fringing vast oceans of wrath. No...
	trivia: With so much time passed, no one remembers his name....
Carefree_Melody:
	info: Carefree Melody Token commemorating the start of a friendship. Grimmchild...
	spell_upgrade: Contains a song of protection that may defend the bearer...
	location: Nymm's location in Dirtmouth Probability The odds of the charm...
	trivia: Trivia This Charm takes up the same spot that Grimmchild...
	behavior_tactics: This also causes Weaverlings and Hatchlings to attack her. ...
Elderbug:
	info: Elderbug Idle With flower Gender Male  Voice Actor Ari...
	location: Our town's fallen quiet you see. The other residents, they've...
	journal_entry: He comments on how the Grimm Troupe's arrival fills him...
	behavior_tactics: Creatures turn mad and travellers are robbed of their memories....
	weapon_damage: Perhaps dreams aren't such great things after all. I wouldn't...
	spell_upgrade: Why? Things are so much simpler up here. I don't...
	trivia: ? Ahh! This flower is. ...
Hive_Soldier:
	info: Hive Soldier Hunter's Journal Attacking Health Drops 65 15 /...
	behavior_tactics: Defends the Hive against intruders with its extendable stinger. These...
	weapon_damage: Savage and dedicated warriors. ...
	location: Location Found within the Hive. ...
	trivia: Locations in the Hive Gallery Idle and about to attack...
Fury_of_the_Fallen:
	info: Fury of the Fallen Embodies the fury and heroism that...
	weapon_damage: It does not affect the damage of the Sharp Shadow...
	behavior_tactics: Lifeblood Masks from the Joni's Blessing Charm are treated like...
	location: How to Acquire Found in King's Pass , the starting...
	trivia: Trivia Prior to the Lifeblood update, when Fury of the...
	spell_upgrade: Subsequently, the red circle was removed and the effect around...
Fragile_Strength:
	weapon_damage: Normal Broken Unbreakable Fragile Strength Strengthens the bearer, increasing the...
	info: This charm is fragile, and will break if its bearer...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Increases Nail damage by 50%  Breaks upon death...
	location: It cannot be equipped. One way to make use of...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. ...
	behavior_tactics: Wearing the Defender's Crest Charm causes Leg Eater to lower...
Grimmkin_Nightmare:
	info: Grimmkin Nightmare Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Unactivated Health Drops...
	weapon_damage: It will relinquish the flame once defeated. Faster than the...
	behavior_tactics: "Dance and die and live forever, Silent voices shout and...
	location: Dream Nail Dialogue Dance with me! So dark! Burn brighter!...
	spell_upgrade: They now share their colouration with the others instead of...
	journal_entry: Grimmkin Nightmare Hunter's Journal entry: "Terrifying member of the Grimm...
Spiny_Husk:
	info: Spiny Husk Hunter's Journal Attacking Corpse Health Drops 44 12...
	weapon_damage: Overgrown with vegetation, it attacks by firing sharp spines from...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics It launches five spikes outwards in a...
	location: I'll kill you! Location The Spiny Husks are only found...
World_Sense:
	info: Though bound, you shall know the state of the world....
	location: Hallownest will be whole again. Location in the Forgotten Crossroads...
Grimmkin_Novice:
	info: Grimmkin Novice Hunter's Journal Without Essence Idle Unactivated Health Drops...
	behavior_tactics: The Grimm Troupe Content Young and playful member of the...
	weapon_damage: It will relinquish the flame once defeated. The Sharp Shadow...
	location: Dream Nail Dialogue Dance with me! So dark! Burn brighter!...
	journal_entry: Grimmkin Novice Hunter's Journal entry: "Young and playful member of...
Focus:
	info: Inventory Prompt Focus Focus collected SOUL to repair your shell...
	location: Input Hold FOCUS/CAST Location Starting ability. ...
	behavior_tactics: Shape of Unn allows the Knight to move while Focusing....
	weapon_damage: Spore Shroom creates a cloud of damaging spores after Focusing....
	trivia: Trivia A Lore Tablet in King's Pass states the following:...
Maggot:
	info: Maggot Hunter's Journal Unprovoked Health Drops 1 2 / 3...
	location: Generally looked down upon and forced to do menial labour....
	behavior_tactics: If they try to bargain for their life, just ignore...
	weapon_damage: They do not respawn. oh no oh no oh no...
	journal_entry: Maggot Hunter's Journal entry: "Weakest member of the kingdom of...
Lurien_the_Watcher:
	info: Lurien the Watcher Dream Realm Limbs Physical body Projection Gender...
	behavior_tactics: Monomon the Teacher Lurien the Watcher Herrah the Beast Though...
	location: Lore Lurien used to watch over the City of Tears...
	trivia: 5G Trivia When Lurien has been killed, all the previously...
	journal_entry: Seal over Lurien's body Like the rest of the Dreamers,...
	weapon_damage: When trying to attack Lurien's physical body in the Watcher's...
Crystal_Peak:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Dirtmouth Forgotten Crossroads Resting Grounds Music Ambience...
	info: White Palace There is some strange power hidden in the...
	weapon_damage: They gleam and glow in the darkness, a bright point...
	behavior_tactics: They sing too, if you listen. The glyphs are written...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Baldur Crystal...
	journal_entry: Glimback Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest used to...
Husk_Bully:
	info: Husk Bully Health Drops 15 3 / 4 Hunter's notes...
	behavior_tactics: The remains of a bug, animated by a strange force....
	weapon_damage: It has a sweet, sickly taste to it. I find...
	location: I'll kill you! Location Although found mostly in the Forgotten...
	journal_entry: Husk Bully Hunter's Journal entry: "The remains of a bug,...
Nightmare%E2%80%99s_Heart:
	info: The Nightmare's Heart Eyes open Eyes closed Gender Unknown. The...
	journal_entry: Grimmkin Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Burn the father, feed the...
Citadel:
	location: Connection TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. The Citadel is...
	info: 1 Hollow Knight: Silksong Steam page. Hollow Knight: Silksong official...
Tower_of_Love:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Kingdom's Edge Resting...
	info: There must be a lot of water up there somewhere....
	trivia: Its original name was lost to history. ...
	behavior_tactics: The members of Hallownest's high society were the ones who...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
	weapon_damage: Not a lot was sent back the other way though....
Infected_Crossroads:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Crystal Peak Dirtmouth Fog...
	info: How to access The well in Dirtmouth The Forgotten Crossroads...
	spell_upgrade: He grants the Vengeful Spirit Spell. ...
	behavior_tactics: After killing all three Dreamers, this seal is broken and...
	trivia: Gallery Entrance from Dirtmouth's well Top of the western platform...
Iselda:
	info: Iselda Gender Female  Voice Actor Vicky Pellen. Iselda Iselda...
	location: At times my husband makes Hallownest sound a wonder, but...
	behavior_tactics: In-game events Iselda opens up her store after the Knight...
	weapon_damage: Which begs the question. Dream Nailed I'm glad I put...
	trivia: 15G Trivia Even without buying the Cocoon Pin from Iselda,...
Lance_Sentry:
	journal_entry: Lance Sentry Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 25 12 /...
	weapon_damage: Winged Sentry of Hallownest equipped with a nail-lance. ...
	behavior_tactics: Charges at threats or throws its lance from a distance....
	info: Lance Sentries are enemies in Hollow Knight. As they have...
	location: Guarding the City of Tears , these winged sentries of...
Gorgeous_Husk:
	journal_entry: Gorgeous Husk Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 220 420 /...
	weapon_damage: Corpulent Husk encrusted with a shining metal. ...
	location: Retains the instinct to hoard Geo. There is beauty in...
	info: Reflections of light in water, the taste of freshly killed...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Meanders back and forth and is passive...
Abyss:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Music Ambience Abyss Main Temple...
	location: Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace Far down below us,...
	behavior_tactics: This lighthouse can be activated to calm down the Void...
	trivia: " Gallery Platform at the entrance to the Abyss Centre...
Marrow:
	info: Connection Bonebottom , TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. It...
	location: The Marrow is an early-game area in Pharloom. This area...
Shade_Gate:
	location: A Shade Gate is a gate made from Void found...
	info: They are indestructible and cannot be deactivated. Spells pass through...
	behavior_tactics: If the Knight moves into it, it bounces them backwards...
Lost_Kin:
	info: Lost Kin Theme Broken Vessel Haunted Foes (Percussion + Vocal)...
	location: Lost Kin is a hidden boss in Hollow Knight. This...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Lost Kin shares its basic attacks with...
	weapon_damage: Notable changes are: Aerial Slash : Lost Kin falls much...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Lost Kin, unlike other Dream Boss variants and...
Mantis_Tribe:
	weapon_damage: They retain their intellect and their honour, though also their...
	location: Quirrel The lands of Hallownest are filled by several groups...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. At some point, Elder Hu believed...
	behavior_tactics: Led by the Mantis Lords ,  they defend their...
	journal_entry: Mantis Warrior Hunter's Journal entry: "Member of a proud tribe,...
Kingsmould:
	info: Kingsmould Hunter's Journal Idle Unactivated Armourless Health Drops 170 None...
	weapon_damage: Guard construct of Hallownest's Palace and skilled wielder of the...
	location: They are Void constructs who were made by the Pale...
	behavior_tactics: Swipe : They slash at the Knight in a wide...
	trivia: Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Gallery Idle Swipe attack Boomerang attack...
Heavy_Sentry:
	journal_entry: Heavy Sentry Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 35 10 /...
	location: Animated remains of a large Hallownest Sentry. Location They are...
	weapon_damage: One of few in Hallownest strong enough to wield a...
	info: Surprisingly quick-witted for a corpse. Heavy Sentries are enemies in...
	behavior_tactics: It will try to catch you if you leap over...
Hidden_Dreams:
	info: Hidden Dreams Update Type Free Content Pack 01 Release Date...
	location: Content Added Bosses White Defender Grey Prince Zote Enemies Hopping...
	behavior_tactics: re jamming all sorts of crazy stuff into the next...
The_Hive:
	info: Marked Unmarked Connection Kingdom's Edge Music Ambience (Cave Atmosphere Misc....
	location: 3) Main The Hive. Resting Grounds Royal Waterways. White Palace...
	behavior_tactics: During Hallownest's reign, the bees sealed up all outside accesses...
Wyrm:
	location: This ashen place is grave of Wyrm. One of these...
	info: Once told, it came to die. But what is death...
	weapon_damage: No foresight like those old things. ...
Volatile_Gruzzer:
	info: Volatile Gruzzer Hunter's Journal Corpse Health Drops 40 15 /...
	weapon_damage: Gruzzer swollen with infection and primed to burst. Horrible goo...
	behavior_tactics: Volatile Gruzzers are enemies in Hollow Knight. Behaviour and Tactics...
	location: Location Most of the Gruzzers become Volatile Gruzzers after the...
	journal_entry: Volatile Gruzzer Hunter's Journal entry: "Gruzzer swollen with infection and...
Wandering_Husk:
	info: Wandering Husk Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 15 3 /...
	behavior_tactics: The remains of a bug, animated by a strange force....
	location: Wanders the roads where it once lived. Once citizens of...
	weapon_damage: It then flails its arms about wildly and runs at...
	journal_entry: Wandering Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "The remains of a bug,...
Volt_Twister:
	journal_entry: Volt Twister Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 80 None Hunter's...
	info: Learned bug that adapted the teachings of the Soul Sanctum...
	weapon_damage: Attacks with bursts of electricity. They were scholars of Soul...
	location: They spend their entire lives fighting in the Colosseum of...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Volt Twisters teleport around the area, attempting...
Shakra:
	location: Shakra Location TBA Gender Female. s mastery of cartography will...
	behavior_tactics: Fierce and intimidating, Shakra is a warrior seeking her master,...
	info: s clan are skilled fighters who can handle their own...
Sibling:
	info: Sibling Hunter's Journal Alt. Version 3 Health Drops 20 None...
	location: Far down below us, beneath the kingdom, the air grows...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Siblings float towards the Knight when in...
	weapon_damage: They also die in 1 hit. Hitting one with the...
Hollow_Knight_(game):
	info: Hollow Knight Developers Team Cherry Music Christopher Larkin Platforms Windows,...
	location: Beneath the fading town of Dirtmouth sleeps a vast, ancient...
	behavior_tactics: Translation - Italian Federica Gaeta Marco Bortoluzzi Vecna Japanese Localisation...
White_Lady:
	location: White Lady Queen's Gardens Godhome Gender Female Voice Actor Zara...
	info: These bindings about me, I've chosen to erect. There is...
	behavior_tactics: Out of shame for her part in their creation, she...
	weapon_damage: Its supposed strength was ill-judged. Even your booming voice falls...
	journal_entry: I still feel that urge you see. But my my,...
	trivia: similarity? It is a distant link, one words would strain...
Great_Husk_Sentry:
	info: Great Husk Sentry Health Drops 170 50 / 80 Hunter's...
	weapon_damage: Wields a greatnail and shell. Its powerful attacks cause heavy...
	behavior_tactics: Great Husk Sentries are enemies in Hollow Knight. Behaviour and...
	location: They were elite city guards before dying, patrolling sensitive areas...
	spell_upgrade: Spells do go through, though. ...
	journal_entry: 1 Great Husk Sentry Hunter's Journal entry: "Animated remains of...
Crystal_Heart:
	info: Inventory Prompt Crystal Heart The energy core of an old...
	behavior_tactics: The crystal's energy can be channeled sic to launch the...
	weapon_damage: Release the button to blast forwards and fly through the...
	location: Function Hold SUPER DASH while on the ground or clinging...
Pleasure_House:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Kingdom's Edge Resting...
	info: There must be a lot of water up there somewhere....
	trivia: Its original name was lost to history. ...
	behavior_tactics: The members of Hallownest's high society were the ones who...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
	weapon_damage: Not a lot was sent back the other way though....
Maskfly:
	journal_entry: Maskfly Hunter's Journal Idle Alt. Maskfly Hunter's Journal entry: "Harmless...
	info: Version Health Drops 1 None Hunter's notes requirement 15 kills....
	location: Harmless flying creature that favours serene environments. Location Maskflies can...
	behavior_tactics: Usually travels in flocks. They all keep lookout for danger...
Ballow:
	location: Ballow Location Deep Docks Gender Male. Ballow is an upcoming...
	info: He is the assistant of Forge-Daughter  and can be...
	weapon_damage: He can be hit by Hornet , which deals no...
Soul_Twister:
	info: Soul Twister Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 35 25 /...
	behavior_tactics: Highly intelligent bug that uses arcane knowledge to twist soul...
	spell_upgrade: They are scholars of the Soul Sanctum who have learnt...
	location: It hovers a certain distance away from the Knight at...
	weapon_damage: It is recommended to use Nail Arts such as Great...
	journal_entry: Soul Twister Hunter's Journal entry: "Highly intelligent bug that uses...
Mantis_Youth:
	journal_entry: Mantis Youth Hunter's Journal Unprovoked Health Drops 15 5 /...
	behavior_tactics: Member of a proud tribe, fiercely protective of its territory....
	weapon_damage: Launches stinging attacks with its needle sharp abdomen. ...
	info: As it grows, it loses the ability to fly. Passage...
	location: Location They can only be found within and at the...
Great_Hopper:
	info: Great Hopper Health Drops 130 30 / 56 None (Colosseum...
	behavior_tactics: Leaps around the edge of the world, trying to crush...
	location: When standing in one place and moving slightly to the...
	weapon_damage: Two of them are spawned by hitting the dummy in...
	journal_entry: Great Hopper Hunter's Journal entry: "Leaps around the edge of...
Sporg:
	info: Sporg Idle Hidden Health Drops 25 3 / 4 Hunter's...
	behavior_tactics: Detects nearby movement and fires out explosive spores that drift...
	location: Location They can only be found in the Fungal Wastes...
Dream_Realm:
	info: Dream Realm Connection Dream Nail Music Main Dream Dreamers (Dreamers'...
	location: Characteristics The Dream Realm consists of numerous dreams which vary...
	spell_upgrade: Essence can be seen as floating particles in the background...
	weapon_damage: After their defeat, Essence continuously spills from their bodies. Why...
	behavior_tactics: Powerful beings such as the Dreamers can trap others inside...
	trivia: Trivia Cut black Essence sprites can be found in the...
	journal_entry: 2 Nightmare King Grimm Hunter's Journal entry: "The expanse of...
Mace_Bug:
	info: This is a list of NPCs that are do not...
	location: Some have names in the files that are commonly used,...
	behavior_tactics: Upon approaching them, they fall silent. If they are splashed...
	journal_entry: You are very tired. ...
	weapon_damage: Hitting it with the Nail does not grant SOUL, though...
City_Storerooms:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Kingdom's Edge Resting...
	info: There must be a lot of water up there somewhere....
	trivia: Its original name was lost to history. ...
	behavior_tactics: The members of Hallownest's high society were the ones who...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
	weapon_damage: Not a lot was sent back the other way though....
Little_Weaver:
	info: Little Weaver Health Drops 30 17 / 24 Hunter's notes...
	behavior_tactics: Nimble spider that traverses its domain on thin strands of...
	location: Often waits in ambush. They tend to appear in places...
	journal_entry: Little Weaver Hunter's Journal entry: "Nimble spider". ...
Soul_Cache:
	info: Soul is an arcane force that is generated from bugs...
	spell_upgrade: When put to use it can be twisted into Spells...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight uses the same method the Scholars did for...
	weapon_damage: Acquiring SOUL There are several ways to acquire SOUL throughout...
	location: Soul Totems Soul Totems are structures found throughout Hallownest. It...
	trivia: Trivia Team Cherry was inspired by Bloodborne's healing system for...
	journal_entry: Soul Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Hoarded soul hoping to stave...
Aspid_Mother:
	journal_entry: Aspid Mother Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 20 10 /...
	info: Carries the eggs of its young inside its belly. Good...
	behavior_tactics: Can hatch and birth its young as needed to deal...
	location: Two more Hatchlings are spawned upon defeat. Location Aspid Mothers...
	trivia: Locations in the Forgotten Crossroads Gallery Aspid Mother near the...
Infected_Balloon:
	info: Infected Balloon Health Drops 15 1 ( Broken Vessel ,...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Spawns out of thin air, often catching...
	location: They regularly spawn during the Broken Vessel and Lost Kin...
	journal_entry: Killing Infected Balloons summoned by Broken Vessel, Lost Kin, or...
Eternal_Emilitia:
	info: Eternal Emilitia Gender Female  Backer Gavin Douglas. I'm renowned...
	location: Her room provides access to a shortcut between the City...
	journal_entry: It's been so long. Ahhh, I'm just so happy. ...
	behavior_tactics: I just hope my manners haven't left me. Could it...
Trobbio:
	location: Trobbio Location TBA Gender Male  Voice Actor Matt Trobbiani....
	info: Master of the Stage, the Brush and the Voice, the...
	weapon_damage: He stands opposite Hornet , before hunching over as several...
	behavior_tactics: Before long, he raises up and loudly shouts his name,...
	trivia: Trobbio in the Silksong reveal trailer Trobbio spreading his wings...
Dirtcarver:
	info: Dirtcarver Health Drops 20 6 / 12 Hunter's notes requirement...
	behavior_tactics: Swarming predator of the Deepnest. Burrows through the ground and...
	location: Springy and vicious, these hunters will try to overwhelm you...
	weapon_damage: The best tactic is to attack them from above as...
	trivia: Locations in Deepnest Gallery Idle Burrowing out of the ground...
	journal_entry: Dirtcarver Hunter's Journal entry: "Burrows through the ground and bursts...
Dream_Nail_Locations:
	info: List of corpses and statues that can be Dream Nailed...
	location: Forgotten Crossroads-Resting Grounds Tram. White Palace The Abyss Corpse/NPC/Statue Description...
	behavior_tactics: Are we all Fools?. ...
	weapon_damage: It pains me so. I was a champion. " The...
	spell_upgrade: We become as one. ...
Bretta:
	info: Bretta Idle Grey Prince Zote Asleep Gender Female. Bretta Bretta...
	behavior_tactics: you came here to rescue me, Bretta? The girl that...
	location: She is initially found in the Fungal Wastes where she...
	journal_entry: She has several drawings and dolls of the Knight in...
	trivia: Oh?! Who are you? Your face. ...
	weapon_damage: smaller? Were you always so tattered and stained. Sharp brambles...
	spell_upgrade: Her white saviour, now protector, standing tall beside, powerful, perfect....
Infection:
	info: The bugs of Hallownest were twisted out of shape by...
	location: After the kingdom of Hallownest was founded, the Moths turned...
	behavior_tactics: It started to manifest itself as bugs struggled against the...
	trivia: Trivia The Infection apparently has a sweet smell and taste....
	journal_entry: 2 Violent Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest...
	weapon_damage: We knights defend against the physical, but a formless enemy....
	spell_upgrade: To become stronger, more powerful. ...
Quill:
	location: Map and Quill Map Prompt Quill Map and Quill Map...
	info: Effects Allows map completion Source Quill sold by Iselda in...
	behavior_tactics: Well, more difficult than he usually does. Cornifer sometimes calls...
	weapon_damage: Which begs the question. ...
	trivia: 15G Trivia In some areas, the map displays the Knight...
Path_Of_Pain:
	location: Marked Unmarked Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Connection Ancient Basin Music...
	weapon_damage: Must've been an impressive sight in its time. Now there's...
	behavior_tactics: It's a strange thing though. After entering the palace, another...
	info: Description The White Palace mainly consists of white and light...
	spell_upgrade: Adding Grubberfly's Elegy gives the Knight an unlimited supply of...
	journal_entry: Royal Retainer Hunter's Journal entry: "The most loyal and devout...
Flukefey:
	info: Flukefey Hunter's Journal Attacking Health Drops 13 35 (First 6...
	behavior_tactics: Its body is composed of teeth, wings and stomach. Seems...
	location: Location Flukefeys can be found only in the central-west part...
Rosaries:
	info: Rosaries Holy currency beads used to trade for goods. Each...
	behavior_tactics: Rosary Strings can be broken to get back Rosary Beads,...
Wanderer%27s_Journal:
	info: Wanderer's Journal A journal left behind by a long-dead traveller....
	location: Wanderer's Journals are tablets found commonly throughout Hallownest. They are...
	journal_entry: While the City of Tears ended up using parchment woven...
	behavior_tactics: It's long hard work translating the many languages of the...
Soul:
	info: Soul is an arcane force that is generated from bugs...
	spell_upgrade: When put to use it can be twisted into Spells...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight uses the same method the Scholars did for...
	weapon_damage: Acquiring SOUL There are several ways to acquire SOUL throughout...
	location: Soul Totems Soul Totems are structures found throughout Hallownest. It...
	trivia: Trivia Team Cherry was inspired by Bloodborne's healing system for...
	journal_entry: Soul Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Hoarded soul hoping to stave...
Pale_King:
	info: The Pale King Alive Dead Gender Male. No cost too...
	location: Once there, the Wyrm shed its shell and transformed into...
	behavior_tactics: He reduced his form in order to match the bugs...
	journal_entry: Wingmould Hunter's Journal entry: "The bugs of Hallownest believed that...
	weapon_damage: No foresight like those old things. Must've been an impressive...
King%27s_Station:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Forgotten Crossroads Fungal Wastes Kingdom's Edge Resting...
	info: There must be a lot of water up there somewhere....
	trivia: Its original name was lost to history. ...
	behavior_tactics: The members of Hallownest's high society were the ones who...
	journal_entry: Cowardly Husk Hunter's Journal entry: "Former member of Hallownest's high...
	weapon_damage: Not a lot was sent back the other way though....
Relic_Seeker_Lemm:
	info: Relic Seeker Lemm In shop By fountain Gender Male ...
	location: Others come just to claw away at the cracks and...
	behavior_tactics: After the Knight has defeated any one of the three...
	trivia: The King and his Knights are long gone, but the...
	spell_upgrade: Exhausted dialogue We've talked enough I think. ...
	weapon_damage: Read together they paint a morbid tale. Must've been an...
Love_Key:
	info: Love Key Covered in padding, it bears a symbol of...
	location: Use Opens the door inside the Tower of Love where...
	behavior_tactics: Retrieving the key requires Isma's Tear. ...
	spell_upgrade: We become as one. ...
Folly:
	info: Folly Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 13 5 / 6...
	behavior_tactics: Once a highly intelligent bug, inflated by the misuse of...
	location: Soul Warriors also summon them in the Soul Sanctum as...
	journal_entry: Folly Hunter's Journal entry: "Once a highly intelligent bug, inflated...
Ancient_Mask:
	info: Fragment Completed Mask Shard A shard of an ancient mask,...
	location: Requires finding Sly in Forgotten Crossroads 2. Far west end...
	trivia: 15G Trivia The A Weird and Wonderful World trailer shows...
Gods_%26_Glory:
	info: Godmaster Update Type Free Content Pack 03 Release Date August...
	location: Take your place amongst the Gods. For a full list...
	spell_upgrade: This last content pack added an endgame quest and fighting...
	weapon_damage: Using the key to open the coffin reveals the Godseeker...
	behavior_tactics: Then the Knight must use the Dream Nail on the...
Lifeblood_Cocoon:
	info: For the content pack , released on 20 April, 2018,...
	location: A Lifeblood Cocoon is a large sac filled with Lifeblood...
	behavior_tactics: When struck, it spawns 2-5 Lifeseeds. ...
Map_Pins:
	info: Iselda Gender Female  Voice Actor Vicky Pellen. Iselda Iselda...
	location: At times my husband makes Hallownest sound a wonder, but...
	behavior_tactics: In-game events Iselda opens up her store after the Knight...
	weapon_damage: Which begs the question. Dream Nailed I'm glad I put...
	trivia: 15G Trivia Even without buying the Cocoon Pin from Iselda,...
Spells:
	info: Spells Spells are skills the Knight can activate by either...
	location: All spells use 33 SOUL. Once ingested it provides protection...
	behavior_tactics: Vengeful Spirit Conjure a spirit that will fly forward and...
	weapon_damage: This force can destroy foes or break through fragile structures....
	spell_upgrade: Abilities Abilities are skills the Knight can find throughout the...
	trivia: Cyclone Slash Dash Slash Great Slash Trivia Collecting Vengeful Spirit,...
NPCs_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong For a list of interactable Spirits around...
	location: Nailmaster Mato Nailmaster Oro Nailmaster Sheo Wanderers NPCs that are...
Trial_of_the_Conqueror:
	info: Trial of the Conqueror Description Defeat waves of enemies as...
	location: Requires 450 to open. This is especially true during the...
	behavior_tactics: Using the Mantis Claw or the Crystal Heart to stay...
	weapon_damage: Armoured Squit , top left Armoured Squit , top right...
Nailsmith:
	info: Nailsmith At Forge Outside At Sheo's Corpse Gender Male ...
	location: There are many nails surrounding his hut. In-game events Nailsmith...
	behavior_tactics: After having him forge the Pure Nail, the Nailsmith steps...
	weapon_damage: Still, anything can be refined with enough effort and skill,...
	spell_upgrade: You'll find it much stronger than it used to be....
	journal_entry: To think this moment has come upon me so soon....
	trivia: 10G Trivia The Nailsmith's quest to forge the perfect nail...
Stalking_Devout:
	info: Stalking Devout Hunter's Journal Idle Claws Open Unprovoked Health Drops...
	weapon_damage: Shield themselves with hard plated foreclaws, then lash out suddenly...
	behavior_tactics: Study their movements and watch carefully for an opening. Stalking...
	location: When approached from behind, it does not attack unless hit....
	journal_entry: Stalking Devout Hunter's Journal entry: "Worshippers of Herrah the Beast....
Jinn:
	info: Steel Soul Jinn Idle Asleep Gender Female. Too young, its...
	trivia: cannot tell of self. It is blank, but brave. cannot...
	location: Lore Jinn resides in the locked cavern by the base...
	behavior_tactics: She has unseen masters who do not seek order. Her...
	weapon_damage: It refuses to trade. Makes Jinn feel a thing. ...
	spell_upgrade: until a gift comes. ...
Hunter:
	info: The Hunter Head Full Body Theme False Knight Gender Male....
	behavior_tactics: When I was young, my brothers and sisters and I...
	location: Now I hunt alone. In-game events The Hunter is located...
	journal_entry: Are you a hunter like me? Do you feel the...
	weapon_damage: Fellow Hunter, I have nothing else to give you. This...
Void_Idol:
	info: Godmaster Content Rare artifact from a time before Hallownest, its...
	location: How to Acquire The Void Idol is found within the...
	behavior_tactics: Beating all bosses subsequently on Ascended and Radiant each change...
	journal_entry: Void Idol Hunter's Journal entry: "Rare artifact from a time...
Snail_Shaman:
	info: Snail Shaman Idle Sleeping Gender Male  Voice Actor William...
	behavior_tactics: I'm going to give you a gift, a nasty little...
	location: He gives the Vengeful Spirit Spell to the Knight in...
	weapon_damage: He is therefore unaware of their fate. Such disrespect! I...
	spell_upgrade: In-game events Upon first encounter, the Shaman gifts the Vengeful...
	journal_entry: Oho? Well, yet another surprise! You've slain that creature before...
Pantheons:
	info: Godmaster Content Pantheons are a mechanic added to Godhome. They...
	location: Most bosses, with the exception of the final bosses, need...
	behavior_tactics: False Knight is unlocked if he was skipped by breaking...
	spell_upgrade: Bindings Bindings are optional challenges that can be applied to...
	weapon_damage: The Coiled Nail and Pure Nail both provide the maximum...
	trivia: 50G Trivia When entering or exiting a Pantheon, Masks are...
Herrah:
	info: Herrah the Beast Dream Realm Physical body Projection Gender Female....
	behavior_tactics: The Spider Tribe and Herrah herself never accepted the Pale...
	location: When the Infection first appeared, the Pale King asked Herrah...
	weapon_damage: Her physical body has disappeared when the Knight wakes up....
	trivia: 5G Trivia Early in development, Herrah was called Hegemol. ...
Vengefly:
	info: Vengefly Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 8 3 / 4...
	behavior_tactics: Flying predator that pursues its prey relentlessly. This fierce little...
	weapon_damage: Admirable! It is weak though, and I have devoured hundreds...
	location: They are flying predators who inhabit many areas in Hallownest...
Fungal_Core:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection City of Tears Deepnest Fog Canyon Forgotten...
	info: ) Main Main - (Main) Bass - (Bass Pizzicato) Main...
	behavior_tactics: The Mantises agreed to a truce where they would retain...
	trivia: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters None Enemies Ambloom Fungling...
	journal_entry: Mantis Lords Hunter's Journal entry: "The Mantis tribe and the...
	weapon_damage: They retain their intellect and their honour, though also their...
Obble:
	trivia: Obble Hunter's Journal Attacking Health Drops 10 4 / 5...
	info: Fat, slow, flying bug. Does it realise what a nuisance...
	behavior_tactics: Frequently discharges the acidic liquid stored in its round body....
	location: A stronger variant called the Battle Obble is bred to...
	weapon_damage: Whenever the Knight is within its range, it periodically spews...
	journal_entry: Obble Hunter's Journal entry: "Fat, slow, flying bug. ...
False_Knight:
	info: False Knight Hunter's Journal Staggered Theme False Knight Furious Gods...
	weapon_damage: Inhabits a stolen armoured shell. He then attacks the Knight,...
	behavior_tactics: Weak creatures love to steal the strength of others. Their...
	location: He keeps the City Crest required to open the gates...
	trivia: 5G Trivia Detached Mace Bug After False Knight is defeated,...
	journal_entry: 1 False Knight Hunter's Journal entry: "A maggot driven mad...
Dream_Gate:
	info: Inventory Prompt Dreamgate Allows the wielder to travel instantly through...
	behavior_tactics: Hold DOWN while using the Dream Nail to set a...
	location: Some areas may lack a strong connection to any dream,...
	weapon_damage: Warping consumes 1 Essence. Using the Dreamgate destroys the Delicate...
	trivia: Seer location in the Resting Grounds Trivia When warping out...
Mister_Mushroom:
	info: Mister Mushroom Idle Flying Gender Male Voice Actor William Pellen....
	weapon_damage: Caps and shells may fall to dust, But Mr Mushroom...
	location: His babbles can be heard from a distance, guiding the...
	behavior_tactics: Throughout his dialogue, it is apparent that Mister Mushroom does...
	trivia: Hmm? No, not him. 15G Trivia Mister Mushroom is one...
	journal_entry: Tis a long road we tread, but a joyous one....
Kingsoul:
	info: Complete Left Right Kingsoul Holy charm symbolising a union between...
	location: Opens the way to a birthplace. It cannot be equipped....
	behavior_tactics: Wearing Kingsoul unlocks extra dialogue with the White Lady. ...
	spell_upgrade: After getting both halves, the Kingsoul is automatically created and...
	trivia: Trivia From the locations where the halves can be acquired,...
White_Fragment:
	info: Complete Left Right Kingsoul Holy charm symbolising a union between...
	location: Opens the way to a birthplace. It cannot be equipped....
	behavior_tactics: Wearing Kingsoul unlocks extra dialogue with the White Lady. ...
	spell_upgrade: After getting both halves, the Kingsoul is automatically created and...
	trivia: Trivia From the locations where the halves can be acquired,...
Dreamgate:
	info: Inventory Prompt Dreamgate Allows the wielder to travel instantly through...
	behavior_tactics: Hold DOWN while using the Dream Nail to set a...
	location: Some areas may lack a strong connection to any dream,...
	weapon_damage: Warping consumes 1 Essence. Using the Dreamgate destroys the Delicate...
	trivia: Seer location in the Resting Grounds Trivia When warping out...
Pantheon_of_the_Knight:
	info: Godmaster Content Seek the Pure God The Pantheon of the...
	location: Access to this Pantheon is restricted until the previous three...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Defeating Failed Champion , Soul Tyrant , Lost...
Loodle:
	info: Loodle Hunter's Journal Idle Corpse Health Drops 30 9 /...
	location: Inhabits the wilds beside the Queen's Gardens. These leaping bugs...
	behavior_tactics: Not aggressive in nature, but its wild bouncing behaviour can...
	journal_entry: Death Loodle Hunter's Journal entry: "Loodle equipped with a helmet...
Joni:
	info: Blue Child Joni Spirit Corpse Gender Female  Backer Joni...
	location: Her corpse was placed on a plinth in Joni's Repose....
	trivia: Location of Joni Gallery Joni's spirit Joni's corpse Trivia Original...
Unbreakable_Strength:
	weapon_damage: Normal Broken Unbreakable Fragile Strength Strengthens the bearer, increasing the...
	info: This charm is fragile, and will break if its bearer...
	spell_upgrade: Effect Increases Nail damage by 50%  Breaks upon death...
	location: It cannot be equipped. One way to make use of...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. ...
	behavior_tactics: Wearing the Defender's Crest Charm causes Leg Eater to lower...
Soundtrack_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: Hollow Knight Silksong The original soundtrack for Hollow Knight was...
	behavior_tactics: The tracks in the albums are often composed of several...
	location: Descend into Hallownest, traverse the depths, unravel its mysteries and...
	trivia: Pure Vessel Single track Pure Vessel Not Featured on the...
	weapon_damage: This early art was not used for the final release....
Old_Nail:
	info: For the strong attacks taught by the Nailmasters , see...
	location: The Nailsmith in the City of Tears can upgrade the...
	weapon_damage: Its blade is blunt with age and wear. Default weapon...
	behavior_tactics: 4000 + 3 Pale Ore 21 Nail-bouncing By jumping and...
	trivia: Trivia Upgrading the Nail does not change its appearance in...
Grindle:
	location: Grindle Location Unknown Gender Male. "Hoho, free at last! Locked...
	info: The name "Grindle" comes from the password used to open...
	trivia: Gallery Trivia Grindle is one of a series of NPCs...
Thistlewind:
	info: Thistlewind Gender Unknown Backer Sasha Trampe. Thistlewind Thistlewind is a...
	location: I've been many places and done a great many things,...
	behavior_tactics: Despite the moths being a passive species, they were one...
	weapon_damage: Exhausted dialogue You find it strange to see a moth...
Distant_Village:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Ancient Basin Fungal Wastes Queen's Gardens Music...
	behavior_tactics: I'd thought to test my strength against them. His efforts...
	weapon_damage: Now that bravado has left me and all I feel...
	info: Description What most identifies Deepnest is its gloomy surroundings. Thick...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters Mask Maker Midwife Mister...
	spell_upgrade: Using a Spell on this being causes a seal to...
Charms:
	spell_upgrade: Charms are gorgeous, mystical, one-of-a-kind accessories with a spark of...
	info: Just wearing one is enough to change your life! You'll...
	location: Charms use Notches when equipped and can only be equipped...
	behavior_tactics: Picking up a Charm Notch fully restores the Knight's health....
	weapon_damage: Increases the amount of SOUL gained when striking an enemy...
	journal_entry: This charm is unbreakable. This charm is unbreakable. This charm...
Map_and_Quill:
	location: Map and Quill Map Prompt Quill Map and Quill Map...
	info: Effects Allows map completion Source Quill sold by Iselda in...
	behavior_tactics: Well, more difficult than he usually does. Cornifer sometimes calls...
	weapon_damage: Which begs the question. ...
	trivia: 15G Trivia In some areas, the map displays the Knight...
Flukemunga:
	info: Flukemunga Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 150 23 / 30...
	location: Godmaster Content Aged fluke, grown fat on the rich refuse...
	behavior_tactics: Still, these creatures at least seem to make good use...
Divine:
	info: The Grimm Troupe Content That charm. beautiful! Most precious thing!...
	spell_upgrade: Her primary role is allowing the Knight to upgrade Fragile...
	location: She is looking for the source of the smell deep...
	behavior_tactics: She eats the Fragile Charms that he created when the...
	weapon_damage: When the Knight returns to Divine, Leg Eater's dismembered claws...
	journal_entry: Dream Nailed after eating Leg Eater The most exquisite things...
Flukemon:
	info: Flukemon Hunter's Journal Idle Upper Half Lower Half Health Drops...
	location: Worm-like creature that prefers damp, dark habitats. Dangerous, unpredictable foes...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Meanders back and forth, emitting a suckling...
Vengeful_Spirit:
	info: Inventory Prompt Vengeful Spirit Conjure a spirit that will fly...
	behavior_tactics: Consumed the Vengeful Spirit Tap FOCUS/CAST to unleash the Spirit....
	weapon_damage: Replenish SOUL by striking enemies. Function Press FOCUS/CAST or QUICK...
	location: Input FOCUS/CAST or QUICK CAST Location Ancestral Mound. Location Trivia...
	spell_upgrade: Can be upgraded into Shade Soul. ...
Nightmare_Heart:
	info: The Nightmare's Heart Eyes open Eyes closed Gender Unknown. The...
	journal_entry: Grimmkin Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Burn the father, feed the...
Descending_Dark:
	info: Inventory Prompt Descending Dark Strike the ground with a concentrated...
	weapon_damage: This force can destroy foes or break through fragile structures....
	behavior_tactics: Consumed the Descending Dark Tap FOCUS/CAST while holding DOWN to...
	location: Input DOWN + CAST Location Crystallised Mound. It is recommended...
Bind:
	info: Bind is an ability in Hollow Knight: Silksong. It allows...
	behavior_tactics: This move can be performed in the air or on...
	trivia: Trivia It is similar to the Knight's Focus Spell from...
Achievements_(Hollow_Knight):
	info: The Nintendo Switch lacks a universal achievement system. Achievements (PC/Xbox...
	spell_upgrade: On that platform, Hollow Knight includes the achievements as in-game...
	location: Please refer to the Mask Shard page for a list...
	behavior_tactics: 5G Respect Defeat the Mantis Lords. 10G {S} Obsession Defeat...
	weapon_damage: 20G Teacher Destroy Monomon the Teacher. 5G Watcher Destroy Lurien...
Hot_Spring:
	location: Hot Springs are pools of steamy water found in various...
	info: While standing in one, the Knight regenerates 50 SOUL per...
	behavior_tactics: Upon approaching them, they fall silent. If they are splashed...
Shade_Lord:
	info: Shade Beast Both of the following Void beings are forms...
	location: A statue of this entity is seen in the Hall...
	behavior_tactics: Its scream can be heard during the cutscene that plays...
	trivia: Gallery Void given Form during the Radiance fight Void given...
Millibelle_the_Banker:
	info: Millibelle the Banker Idle Pleasure House Gender Female. Losing one's...
	location: Lore Despite the lack of activity in Hallownest, Millibelle opened...
	behavior_tactics: However, behind her kind and polite facade, Millibelle is a...
	weapon_damage: Here she can be hit with the Nail and bounced...
Greenpath:
	location: Marked Unmarked Connection Fog Canyon Forgotten Crossroads Howling Cliffs Queen's...
	info: In every bush and every vine the mind of Unn...
	behavior_tactics: The Knight has the choice to either save him or...
	journal_entry: Mosskin Hunter's Journal entry: "Plant-like bug ". ...
The_Mantis_Tribe:
	weapon_damage: They retain their intellect and their honour, though also their...
	location: Quirrel The lands of Hallownest are filled by several groups...
	info: Table of Contents Bees. At some point, Elder Hu believed...
	behavior_tactics: Led by the Mantis Lords ,  they defend their...
	journal_entry: Mantis Warrior Hunter's Journal entry: "Member of a proud tribe,...
Land_of_Storms:
	location: Marked Unmarked Unofficial map by MolaMolasses Connection Royal Waterways (via...
	info: Description Godhome's architecture generally consists of gold-coloured pillars and archways....
	behavior_tactics: The first three Pantheons The upper part of Godhome's atrium...
	journal_entry: Inhabitants Points of Interest Inhabitants Characters The Godseeker Tiso Zote...
Gathering_Swarm:
	location: Gathering Swarm A swarm will follow the bearer and gather...
	info: Useful for those who can't bear to leave anything behind,...
	behavior_tactics: It spawns a swarm that collects dropped Geo. Gathering Swarm...
The_Hunter:
	info: The Hunter Head Full Body Theme False Knight Gender Male....
	behavior_tactics: When I was young, my brothers and sisters and I...
	location: Now I hunt alone. In-game events The Hunter is located...
	journal_entry: Are you a hunter like me? Do you feel the...
	weapon_damage: Fellow Hunter, I have nothing else to give you. This...
The_Marrow:
	info: Connection Bonebottom , TBA Music Ambience TBA Main TBA. It...
	location: The Marrow is an early-game area in Pharloom. This area...
Mosscreep:
	info: Mosscreep Hunter's Journal Corpse Health Drops 10 2 / 3...
	behavior_tactics: Weakling that covers itself in leaves to appear larger. They...
	location: Hides amongst the undergrowth. Location They are found in abundance...
	journal_entry: Mosscreep Hunter's Journal entry: "Weakling that covers itself in leaves...
Marissa:
	info: Marissa Gender Female  Backer Marissa "Blondie" Brice Voice Actor...
	location: Huge crowds once flocked to hear me sing, then something...
	behavior_tactics: The audience, once so enrapt, began to leave. She continued...
Sherma:
	location: Sherma Location TBA Gender Male. He is first encountered in...
	journal_entry: An optimistic pilgrim on a spiritual journey. ...
	info: s path may often cross with Hornet. s own, but...
	behavior_tactics: He clangs the two objects he carries together whilst laughing,...
Pharloom:
	location: Pharloom is the location where Hollow Knight: Silksong takes place....
	info: It is ruled and haunted by silk and song, the...
Cyclone_Slash:
	weapon_damage: Inventory Prompt Cyclone Slash The signature Nail Art of Nailmaster...
	behavior_tactics: A spinning attack that rapidly strikes foes on all sides....
	info: Cyclone Slash Dash Slash Great Slash Cyclone Slash is the...
	trivia: Mato's location in the Howling Cliffs Trivia It is possible...
Mosskin:
	info: Mosskin Hunter's Journal Idle Corpse Health Drops 15 3 /...
	behavior_tactics: Plant-like bug that charges at foes when close. Mosskin are...
	location: They can be hard to spot amongst the foliage until...
Queen_Vespa:
	info: Hive Queen Vespa Spirit Corpse Gender Female. All things must...
	journal_entry: To rail against nature is folly. Exhausted dialogue To rail...
	location: Lore Vespa was the queen of the Hive, a tribe...
Cornifer_the_Cartographer:
	info: Cornifer Idle Asleep Gender Male  Voice Actor David Kazi...
	location: I'm a cartographer by trade, and I'm working on mapping...
	behavior_tactics: Getting lost and finding your way again is a pleasure...
	weapon_damage: Awful sharp they are and all over the place. gross,...
	trivia: 15G Trivia Sketch of Cornifer's initial design Cornifer was designed...
Failed_Champion:
	info: Failed Champion Theme False Knight Furious Gods Health 360 (Armour)...
	spell_upgrade: Contact damage and physical attacks now deal two Masks of...
	weapon_damage: This makes Leaping Bludgeon much more common. Barrels fall from...
	behavior_tactics: When staggered, he falls back and lands on his chest...
	location: (This tactic does not work in Godhome. A very safe...
Nail:
	info: For the strong attacks taught by the Nailmasters , see...
	location: The Nailsmith in the City of Tears can upgrade the...
	weapon_damage: Its blade is blunt with age and wear. Default weapon...
	behavior_tactics: 4000 + 3 Pale Ore 21 Nail-bouncing By jumping and...
	trivia: Trivia Upgrading the Nail does not change its appearance in...
Garpede:
	info: Garpede Health Drops - None Hunter's notes requirement Entry. Monstrously...
	weapon_damage: Giant burrower covered in thick shell plates. It is possible...
	location: Tirelessly travels the tunnels of the Deepnest. Location Garpedes are...
	behavior_tactics: Luckily, if you simply avoid their paths they'll leave you...
	journal_entry: Garpede Hunter's Journal entry: "they shrug off any attacks you...
Mr_Mushroom:
	info: Mister Mushroom Idle Flying Gender Male Voice Actor William Pellen....
	weapon_damage: Caps and shells may fall to dust, But Mr Mushroom...
	location: His babbles can be heard from a distance, guiding the...
	behavior_tactics: Throughout his dialogue, it is apparent that Mister Mushroom does...
	trivia: Hmm? No, not him. 15G Trivia Mister Mushroom is one...
	journal_entry: Tis a long road we tread, but a joyous one....
Channelled_Nail:
	info: For the strong attacks taught by the Nailmasters , see...
	location: The Nailsmith in the City of Tears can upgrade the...
	weapon_damage: Its blade is blunt with age and wear. Default weapon...
	behavior_tactics: 4000 + 3 Pale Ore 21 Nail-bouncing By jumping and...
	trivia: Trivia Upgrading the Nail does not change its appearance in...
Pale_Lurker:
	info: Pale Lurker Hunter's Journal Idle Health Drops 200/240/290/340/400 (Nail: 0/1/2/3/4)...
	location: Godmaster Content Forgotten champion of the Colosseum, drawn away by...
	weapon_damage: Its madness is all its own. Translations of the game....
	behavior_tactics: When drawing near, Pale Lurker leaps away from the Knight,...
	journal_entry: Pale Lurker Hunter's Journal entry: "Forgotten champion of the Colosseum,...
Nightmare%27s_Heart:
	info: The Nightmare's Heart Eyes open Eyes closed Gender Unknown. The...
	journal_entry: Grimmkin Master Hunter's Journal entry: "Burn the father, feed the...
Nailmasters_Oro_%26_Mato:
	info: Nailmasters Oro & Mato Hunter's Journal Idle Theme (Phase One)...
	location: "Gods by toil and nail bound, Brothers sworn to guard...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Phase 1 Nailmaster Oro uses the following...
	weapon_damage: The first slash is a backhand swipe, and the second...
	spell_upgrade: This allows safe healing during any attack except a Dash...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Despite the bad blood of Oro and Mato's...
Nailmaster_Oro:
	info: Nailmaster Oro Gender Male. Oro Brothers Oro & Mato It...
	behavior_tactics: Oro also appears as a boss as part of the...
	weapon_damage: Of the three disciples, he was not the most skilled,...
	location: After a falling out among the Nailmasters, he chose to...
	journal_entry: I do not begrudge you his love. This can make...
Seer:
	info: Seer Awake In Dream Gender Female  Voice Actor Makoto...
	location: Tending these graves and guiding the Wielder. She tends the...
	behavior_tactics: Certain things have to be kept in balance. She then...
	weapon_damage: To cast you away into this space between body and...
	trivia: Dream Nailed What are you doing, poking about in a...
	spell_upgrade: More gifts await you. Pure potential! Let it course through...
	journal_entry: Looking into it I can see so many memories peering...
Sisters_of_Battle:
	info: Sisters of Battle Theme (Phase One) Mantis Lords (Phase Two)...
	weapon_damage: They bear thin nail-lances and attack with blinding speed. Two...
	behavior_tactics: First encountered in the Pantheon of Hallownest , they are...
	location: One major point where healing is possible is at the...
	journal_entry: Traitor Lord Hunter's Journal entry: "Deposed Lord of the Mantis...
Soul_Sanctum%27s_Scholars:
	info: The mind still limits us so. How to break past...
	location: Soul Sanctum , Record Aba The lands of Hallownest are...
	behavior_tactics: The Infected scholars kept hoarding souls as the Kingdom fell....
	trivia: Gallery Mistakes Follies Soul Twisters A Soul Warrior Soul Master...
	journal_entry: Soul Twister Hunter's Journal entry: "Highly intelligent bug". Soul Master...
Brothers_Oro_and_Mato:
	info: Nailmasters Oro & Mato Hunter's Journal Idle Theme (Phase One)...
	location: "Gods by toil and nail bound, Brothers sworn to guard...
	behavior_tactics: Behaviour and Tactics Phase 1 Nailmaster Oro uses the following...
	weapon_damage: The first slash is a backhand swipe, and the second...
	spell_upgrade: This allows safe healing during any attack except a Dash...
	trivia: 10G Trivia Despite the bad blood of Oro and Mato's...
Kcin:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
Karina:
	info: Spirits are the remains of a deceased bug given visible...
	weapon_damage: They are only visible in-game after acquiring the Dream Nail....
	location: They are all encountered floating above or near the real...
	behavior_tactics: Do as you will little wanderer. Cut a path toward...
	trivia: What difference did it make?. Main article: Cloth Trivia Spirits...
	spell_upgrade: My appearance should not cause you worry. ...
	journal_entry: Seeking power is a hollow goal. To rail against nature...
